tweet

I'm emailing all the places my Mum goes to in Ōtaki to check their vax policies. The RSA have said they're moving to "a no vaccination, no entry" system on 3/12 &amp; will "police this vigorously". Dunno what this means for their caterers but there you go. (ping @Madicattt )

i got the moderna booster yesterday and let me tell u it’s not fun the day after !! ☹️ i’m grateful to be caught up on my vaccinations.. but dang

DR. B. BRIDLE Professor U of Guelph A recent study came out looking at 68 different countries, and they plotted on a graph, the case rate for COVID-19, and the vaccination rate in the country, and the more vaccinated the country is, the more problems they’re having with COVID-19. 

Message from President Fujii to International Students Waiting to Enter Japan (Nov 25, 2021) 

Steve Burton Out at General Hospital Over COVID Vaccine Mandate | 

my 7 year old cousin has covid???

The latest Vitamin D3 Daily! 

Byron Bay backpackers locked down as COVID case pops up ahead of Schoolies 

Got my booster shot on Saturday but this time I got Pfizer and I noticed today my injection site is swollen, red, itchy, and warm. It’s not horrible but it is annoying. Also have a pressure headache I’ve had for a few days which may or may not be related?

Educator Walking Across Suffolk County To Bring Attention To Students’ Mental Health During COVID Pandemic - CBS New York 

Italy tightens screws on COVID unvaccinated, extends shot mandate | Reuters 

InnovationRx: Covid And Thanksgiving Travel; Plus, America’s Largest Private Companies - Medical supply company Medline Industries was the top healthcare company on the list coming in at #16 with $17.5 billion in revenue,... - 

The Gold Coast and Sunshine Coast are the most searched regional areas on realestate .com.au in the year to September 2021 🏖 #eliteagent #eliteagentmag #realestate #realestateagent 

Southern African countries put on UK travel red list over Covid variant 

Covid-19: Why is Europe witnessing a resurgence in cases 

I own stock in Pfizer and Moderna, so I got the two-shot Pfizer followed by Moderna booster combo, because that's what loyal shareholders do.

Britain will bar flights from six African countries as it investigates a new variant. - But he said that the six nations will be added to the country’s red list, which would require British travelers coming from those n... - 

324 people in Riverside County got COVID vaccine doses stored in freezer longer than recommended: Officials 

Action over variant shows government keen to avoid Christmas calamity of 2020 | Coronavirus 

Fauci warns time running short to prevent ‘dangerous’ Covid surge in US 

Heavily mutated coronavirus variant puts scientists on alert 

If you are still listening to EXPERTS, I truly feel sorry for you. There is nothing to fear, but fear itself. Breakthrough infections are code for the vaccine doesn't work. Scott Gottlieb: 'A Lot of Breakthrough Infections Happening' 

COVID-19: Fully vaccinated B.C. man, initially denied COVID vaccine card, gets his card 

Covid heavy lifting. 

'False sense of security' around vaccines as Europe again COVID epicentre - WHO 

Update: The Sheriff’s Office Main Jail has cleared all active COVID-19 cases associated with the outbreak that began on October 31, 2021. The ending total number of cases in this outbreak was eight.

I Bought Myself A Politician by .@MonaLisa_Twins. #GreatReset #COVID19 

My family acted like I was being paranoid by not going with them to a nephew’s school concert last night. Just found out one of his grandparents who attended tested positive for Covid-19 today.

Fears over “worst ever” Covid variant as UK bans flights from southern A... 

⚠️Sweden did not vaccinate nor mask children and there were ZERO deaths from Covid among children. 

pls block me if ure happy that l!sa has covid.

covid 19: Why some are out to prove their pneumonia isn’t Covid | India News – Times of India 

Musician, 40, died after suffering a 'catastrophic' brain haemorrhage 'induced by his first dose of the AstraZeneca Covid vaccine', inquest hears 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

The Netherlands started transporting #COVID19 patients across the border to Germany on Tuesday to ease pressure on Dutch hospitals, which are scaling back regular care to deal with a surge in coronavirus cases. 

Enough is enough ! Demonstrations and protests against forced vaccination and sanitary segregation in many European countries. Here we have Croatia, Zagreb, where the POLICE joined the demonstration. 

covid: Cabinet extends free Covid-time foodgrain plan till March 2022 | India News – Times of India 

BC health officials announce over 400 new COVID-19 cases #COVID19BC 

Reverend Jude Benton has tirelessly worked helping the community of Mallacoota over an extremely difficult two years 👏 #BlackSummer #ClimateCrisis #COVID19 

This is the same sh!tsmear partying it up in Holland a month ago that (along with the Castro lover @theJagmeetSingh) wants to hold parliament virtually…ya know COVID concerns and all. You still stupid enough to buy this bullsh!t? 

'Severe Reactions' to Covid Vaccines are Far More Common Than Official Data Show: Here is the Stunning New Evidence, by @kylenabecker 

Pfizer Trial Victim Speaks Out: Teen Permanently Disabled, Silenced by Media 

Australia stocks slip ahead of October retail sales data release 

COVID-19 numbers for Ohio, Nov. 24, 2021. Stark County: 51,599 Cases (Up 242 from yesterday) 2,973 Hospitalizations (Up 21 from yesterday) 1,154 Deaths (Updated 2 times/week.) 46,890 Presumed Recovered For full data go to: 

"President Biden will start turning asylum seekers back to Mexico as soon as next week under a reinstated Trump-era 'Remain in Mexico' program — but will offer them the option to receive the COVID-19 vaccine" -- both good ideas. 

#Australia worth a watch. Very interesting points. Natural immunity is better Australian Government has just delayed the inevitable course of the virus. Aus Gov failed. Kids don't need to be jabbed. #NoVaccinePassports #NoMandates #nomore #Enough #Rise 

JUST IN: British Columbia reported another 424 new cases of COVID-19 on Thursday, along with three additional deaths. 

Medical insurance &amp; passport and covid passport at the ready and my pink slip.. Gotta be ready..

European stocks close lower as investors monitor data, Powell nomination and Covid surge 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

#UK - South Africa to be put on England’s travel red list over new Covid variant 

7 Day Confirmed Covid Cases per 1K Population by County For SD 2021-11-22: Covid Insights From Our Analytics Team and USAFacts #datavisualization #datascience #analytics #health #data #covid19 #publichealth #covid 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

nothing to see here, believe your "leaders" 

moderna is f***ing my armpit UP

Chris Jans will miss tonight's game against New Mexico Highlands due to COVID-19 protocols, per a statement from NM State. A spokesperson would not elaborate on the details of his absence. This is the first time he's missed a game due to COVID protocols. 

Joel Embiid has been out of the Sixers lineup for about three weeks now. 

It's not just COVID-19 cases on the rise in Onondaga County but also flu cases. Experts are urging the public to get both your flu shot and COVID-19 vaccine if you haven't already. 

Dr. Robert Malone: Children Who Have Had Covid Are at Higher Risk of Adverse Effects If You Vaccinate Them - 

Any chance for @InsiderExposure to put on a senior showcase for the C/O 2022 since COVID delayed a lot of action for this class 🤔? Florida-Georgia invite only senior Allstar game 🥶? An underrated exposure event? I mean the events are 🔥 might as well keep it going 😤

What do you think? Colleague blamed for breaking Covid guidelines. He knew nothing of being exposed at work, company knew reason why a coworker was away, they did not do any contact tracing, colleague is being blamed because he advised management after hearing hearsay gossip.

If you are an Erie Co. bar or restaurant requiring proof of vaccination for entry, there are many of us on your side and we will patronize your establishment! We all prefer to be comfortable and safe. Please tweet with #vaccinatedpatronsonly so we can easily find you.

If I see COVID misinformation I will report and block.

Seven anti-vaccine doctors fell sick with Covid-19 after gathering earlier this month for a “summit” at which alternative treatments were discussed. 

Today's cases as Kiwis overseas prepare to flock home 

So after a month we decided to go out out to celebrate my daughter's 19th birthday. Great night but Cork was very quiet, reservations made, Covid Certs checked and we were grateful for feeling as safe as we could be. Beautiful food and drinks in Cask and Sober Lane. 

Austria’s Covid Surge Is a Warning to the World | WIRED 

today's my 2nd doze of vaccination. kabado bente yarn sksksksksk

The pace of oil and gas drilling in Canada next year will exceed levels seen before the pandemic as producers ride the global energy rally, according to an industry group 

The latest Diario de Mesa! 

"Experts have warned that children should be vaccinated to protect against possible long-Covid symptoms, Multi-system Inflammatory Syndrome and hospitalization." 

Bravo to @SydneyOCampbell and @francocarneval3 for speaking up to give voice to children. The kids are not okay. Building back better means centering the most marginalized voices, including those of children and ppl with disabilities. via @globeandmail 

I have my #Covid booster scheduled for 11:45 am tomorrow. If I'm lucky it will knock me on my ass just enough so I'll be too sick to go to my Sister in Laws for Thanksgiving lunch.

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

👏🏼 for Poland! We have more in common with each other across Europe than we do with the EU Bureaucrats. 

$PROG inked an agreement with $IONS about this back in April. 

B.1.1.529 variant "Nu" is a real worry as it looks to have escaped SA and is already in China and Hong Kong. 

Stark County's COVID-19 zip code breakdown for 11/24/2021. Showing total accumulated numbers for each zip code and past 2 week totals. 

Here getting my pcr test done to check if I got Covid-19. This will allow me to go to the USA, so let’s do this ^^

If Covid-19 don’t get ’em, staff shortages will 

Oregon covid breakthrough report 

JUST IN - Fully vaccinated Bryan Adams (singer) tests positive for COVID for second time in a month Read: 

Health Minister Yvette D'ath to provide Queensland Covid-19 update #qldpol 

Michigan COVID19 cases are up 67% and hospitalizations up 46% over the last 2 weeks; the second highest increase in the nation. .

If you are Double Vaxed &amp; you get Covid Then do like good little children &amp; Isolate/Quarantine Your a fucking idiot Get on with your life You weak kneed #Pussies 🙄

"we're ready to host gui for dinner" after covid mayhaps??? mmmmm

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

Ticker: MIT provost to RPI as next president; Merck seeks EU OK for anti-COVID pill 

I’m honestly not able to follow: -is covid toe a real or fake thing -does Rodgers have it or not

Thankful for my mom, nephews, having a job, finally have my degree, doing okay financially &amp; not having covid during this pandemic. Came a long way. What a difference 5 yrs makes! 5 yrs ago was rough. The simple things. #thankful #thankfulthursday #Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving2021

Boohoo sob sob - zero sympathy for these Muppets 🤨 

Germany tightens restrictions as COVID-19 cases soar | DW News 

Covid positive patients popping up all over, because those antigen tests can’t be TRUSTED! 😓

We are partnering with @TreesForHouston for a community tree planting to honor those we’ve lost to #COVID19. 8,000 seedlings will be available to anyone who wishes to plant one in the community – to represent the more than 8,000 people we have lost. 

I love how I’m getting my booster right now and this person here, right after getting the COVID shot, is like “may as well get the flu vaccine too” 💉

I could have gone a whole damn life without seeing an Aaron Rodgers foot pic. It’s bad enough you lied and caught covid, but a foot pic? GTFO.

Heavily mutated coronavirus variant puts scientists on alert 

After a two-year absence, Comic-Con International returns to San Diego on Friday to entertain, inform and tantalize pop culture fans the world over. 

jeon RT RollingStone: Blackpink’s Lisa has tested positive for covid-19. Her production company says the group's other members weren’t in close…

Wonder if there's any truth to this, wouldn't surprise me! #vaccine #vax #pfizer 

Last Tuesday, 150 people died of COVID in Pa. Every single one of them has a story that deserves to be told. Here’s Coach Dino’s. 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

C19 deaths per CDC. For 1 or younger, 35,000 deaths from all causes; only 47 are C19 source 

Seven doctors contract Covid after attending Florida anti-vaccine summit 

HOW OFTEN DO TWIN PREGNANCIES OCCUR? | Prevalence and Epidemiology 

And now it’s time for the covid numbers…

European States Extend Boosters, Tighten Restrictions Amid COVID Outbreak | Coronavirus pandemic News 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

Mahrez is like Ziyech with covid.

Finally, Johnson is taking prompt action. New COVID variant: UK urgently brings in travel restrictions to stop spread of 'the worst one we've seen so far' 

Covid is 1 of the most easily transmissible viruses, can be easily transmitted among the fully vaccinated &amp; is airborne. Until we send airborne PPE with vaccines to people in low income countries dangerous variants will keep putting the whole world at risk 

AMA moves against doctors who are spreading COVID-19 disinformation 

This speakers list for the next "freedom protest" is very funny, because: (a) it's too long (b) the people on this list are the definition of microcelebrity I'm sure people can't wait to hear what the guy who filmed himself putting COVID signs in the bin has to say! #auspol 

The Green Bay Packers quarterback told reporters it was actually a fracture. 

The Perching Parrot was one of my favorite cafes to drive out to for a vegan brunch up the coast back in the day but now they’re on the blacklist for me. Fake signs are clearly the hallmark of anti-vaxx idiots ❌ Cc @katie_pai 

"We conclude that the mRNA vacs dramatically increase inflammation on the endothelium and T cell infiltration of cardiac muscle and may account for the observations of increased thrombosis, cardiomyopathy, and other vascular events following vaccination" 

GENOCIDE IS WHAT IS HAPPENING EXCLUSIVE | Nurse Sounds Alarm On Heinous Medical Malpractice: Immediate Intubation, Remdesivir Killed Covid Patients 

COVID-19: Fully vaccinated B.C. man, initially denied COVID vaccine card, gets his card 

Today, @GovTimWalz announced Minnesota is 6th in the nation for administering 5 to 11 vaccines and has over 80% of adults with one dose! Let’s keep up the good work. Find your vaccine: 

i love how all the side effects from my beautiful cocktail of allergy medication and birth control are also symptoms of COVID 

Anyone any idea what's happening? Googled covid cases for today (24 Nov), but can only find yesterday's data.

Having a "healthy debate" about mandatory clotshotting. Mr Robb Butler can go and fuck himself and his shitty ideas. The language of calling it a "healthy" debate as well. Orwellian 

"A CRAZY MESS"!! Pfizer Whistleblower SLAMS Vaccine Trials 

Covid gave us a brief glimpse of earth trying to regenerate when we were in lockdown! We should be inspired to do more to protect our waterways their reefs, the forests and the animals from gases, plastics and toxins.

Nearly two years into a public health crisis in which they’ve played a central role in combating, many pharmacists and their staffs are stressed and burned out by both the amount of extra work and the ensuing conflict surrounding the coronavirus. 

Over 250,000 languishing on waiting lists as Covid wreaks havoc on hospitals 

The pandemic isn't over, not even close. @CDCofBC I look at this chart of 'infectious' #COVID19 patients hospitalized and in the ICU and I think we're worse off now than when we had no vaccines. #BCpoli 

14 babies contract COVID-19 

STOP BEING RUDE TO CS WORKERS WHEN THEY ASK FOR YOUR PROOF OF VACCINATION

‘South Park: Post Covid’ Sneak Peek Sees Future Stan &amp; Randy Up To No Good 

Worried you don't have enough #SickLeave time to take your kids to get the COVID-19 vaccine? We are THRILLED @NYCCouncil passed Intro. 2448, which will provide ADDITIONAL leave for parents to take their children to get the #COVID19 vax. 

#TruthMatters. As we pause to celebrate Thanksgiving, COVID infection, hospitalization and death rates are on the rise. Getting vaccinated is one of most important things we can do for ourselves and those we love. Not doing so is potentially deadly.

An public sale of the primary laptop produced by “Apple” and its worth could exceed a million dollars #Tech #latest #influencer #influencermarketing #fridayfeeling #MondayMotivation #tbt #traveltuesday #vegan #fitness #COVID19 #tbt #pharmtech #art #MarchMadness #love #“apple”... 

Early Prediction: The Nu Covid variant (B.1.1.529) is gonna be a problem but Canada + US would rather wait until they have internal cases to close borders. And then ask “how did this happen” and “there’s nothing we could do”as we enter a 26th lockdown Let’s see how this ages

‘False sense of security’ round COVID vaccines: WHO 

Question: Once Coronavirus has eventually gone away, what excuse will customer service departments use next to defend their totally appalling customer service?

Covid: New heavily mutated variant B.1.1.529 in South Africa raises concern - BBC News 



A COVID-19 vaccine clinic for children aged 5-11 will be held at Keene Drug Mart in Keene TOMORROW (Friday, November 26). Call 705-295-9800 to book an appointment. #ptbo #Keene

COVID-19: Fully vaccinated B.C. man, initially denied COVID vaccine card, gets his card 

Have mercy! This virus is just mean! Give us a break. Damn. 

A poem that I wrote as a tribute to my grandmother. We lost her in December 2020 to Covid. 

👽😎 "If you already have the vaccine and you are fully masked, then why do I have to wear a mask? You’ve got the vaccine. It’s supposed to protect you. Why do I need to be fully masked?" 

So another mutation, they're calling Nu, has emerged. This one is far worse than Delta. More transmissible, more able to evade vaccination. And our border checks won't stop it. It'll be here for Xmas. It might already be in London now: 

"SA Health lists new COVID exposure sites" 

7 Day Confirmed Covid Cases per 1K Population by County For SC 2021-11-22: Covid Insights From Our Analytics Team and USAFacts #datavisualization #datascience #analytics #health #data #covid19 #publichealth #covid 

Sick of this Covid shit.

Looks like Covid Christmas 2021 broke @Skyscanner.

Hmm as someone who's entire personality during covid has become "I like nice things" I have begun to feel like I do not deserve said nice things so that's something my therapist will be hearing about very soon!

11:59 PM temp 3.9c,max 7.2c,min -0.6c,Dewpoint -0.1c,Avg wind speed 7.9kmh,NNW,max gust 29.6 kmh,Rain since midnight 0.2mm,Rain this month so far 13.8 mm-Please research public health advice to help stop Covid19

"D.C. Enacts Paid COVID-19 Vaccine Leave and Extends Public Health Emergency Leave Under DC FMLA" 

Riots continue in Martinique, Guadeloupe while other talks begin | Coronavirus Plague News 

So the big Covid variant so far is from England, and the new one is from South Africa... I'm starting to see a pattern here

// south park post covid spoilers i guess mirai park was right about most of stans family

Boris Johnson: UK PM Johnson says no need to move to Covid ‘plan B’ | World News 

Bravo #Twitter! 👏 👏👏 Well played. 

covid: Cabinet extends free Covid-time foodgrain plan till March 2022 | India News – Times of India 

This was during the time that we had like 5 tests available per capita… we somehow utilized our limited resources to diagnose fucking tigers and lions in the Bronx with Covid-19. Girl bye

Watch: Top Canadian Immunologist Byram Bridle: The more vaxed a country is, the more problems it has with COVID 

Southern African countries put on UK travel red list over Covid variant 



#ImThankfulFor the ppl in my life who don’t judge me by my vaccination status

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

Covid: New heavily mutated variant B.1.1.529 in South Africa raises concern 

To whoever gave me Covid ya moms a hoe bc I will not be able to eat the thanksgiving meal this year

#LIVE: COVID-19 Response Minister Chris Hipkins expected to make border announcement in Delta update - tune in now 

Fears over “worst ever” Covid variant as UK bans flights from southern A... 

I admire the bravado of AIIMS chief. Misleads public to ignore masks n Covid appropriate behaviour.With just 29% of population double shot vaccinated, 58% single shot. What is the talking about! Haven't we learnt from Europe which has~64% fully vaccinated reeling under 3rd wave?

The terrible twos — cancer and COVID.

CHRIS WALLACE: To attend school in Nebraska, kids need to have all sorts of vaccinations. Why should Covid be different? GOV. PETE PINOCCHIO: There's just a lot of people who don't know who to trust right now WALLACE: It has FDA approval 

Four players placed on COVID-19 list today; three with positive tests, one a high-risk contact. One of the latter is likely with the Jets where QBs Joe Flacco and Mike White were placed on the reserve list.

Hey. Getting the vaccine made me realize how I want another shot with you. Choosing between Pfizer and Moderna was easy but I don't think I can pick anyone over you. I might have the antibodies now, but your body was the only one I ever loved. You don't have to reply.

Doctor commits suicide rather than give COVID vaccines 

Covid: Report reveals increase in risk of heart attack following the mRN... 

My reward for participating in the AstraZeneca trial: I get my booster of Moderna in a few minutes. Hurray!

#COVID19 #COVID19mx #IglesiaCatolica #Testimonio Video 

COVID shots intended to reduce world’s population by poisoning ‘billions’: South African doctor - LifeSite 

I can’t believe what I’m seeing on @facebookapp!!! A whole group dedicated to ‘curing’ #covid19 naturally &amp; they r offering false vaccine cards to the unvaccinated!!! Despicable! How can this sort of thing be allowed to remain on Fb?!! Please #getvaccinated &amp; #wearamask

That Pfizer booster hit me hard.

Hey #Ontario parents, guardians, aunties, uncles! Questions about getting the kids in your life #COVID19 vaxxed? Here are some ways to get answers: Provincial Vaccine Confidence Center: 1 833 943 3900 VaxFactsClinic: 

Breddas… dem pickney ya weh afi a go school inna Covid? Mek me glad me ole causeeeeee

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

COVID-19 😷 

Parents &amp; caretakers know the struggle. 🤕 With ages 5 &amp; up being eligible for the COVID-19 vaccine, we have one less thing to worry about when it comes to the worlds most prized assets...our kids ❤️ #RollUpYourSleeve 

if anyone wants to know what adhd brain fog + chronic illness brain fog + covid brain fog is like….I forgot my address. yep. I have lived her for 6 years, and I forgot it. thankfully I passed my apartment on the way to what I *thought* was my address. 🙃

#ActorQuits “Unfortunately, ‘General Hospital’ has let me go because of the #VaccineMandate.” 

JK Galbaith said: "Ideas are inherently conservative. They yield not to the attack of other ideas but to the massive onslaught of circumstance with which they cannot contend." The world may be about to discover this about its prevailing ideas if "Nu" Covid is as bad as it looks.

Sonu Nigam’s Epic Reaction After His “9,99,999th” COVID-19 Test. See His Hilarious Post 

Spot the area of the UK that has had the weakest covid restrictions the longest... 

VAERS Data Reveals 50 X More Ectopic Pregnancies Following COVID Shots than Following All Vaccines for Past 30 Years 

If Rochelle Walensky and her ilk care about saving lives, they should daydream about smaller government, not stricter lockdowns. 

Feel like the hook to today’s we didn’t start the fire sports verse is “what’s up with COVID toe,” but I can’t come up with the rest of the lyric

EARLIER: Hundreds of military doctors and nurses protested in Peru against dangerous conditions in their workplace that make them more susceptible to Covid-19 

Aaron Rodgers: I has COVID toe. It is debilitating. Plz feel sorry for me. Internet: haha no. Aaron Rodgers: JK guys I broke my toe now plz feel sorry for me. Internet: haha no.

As the world spirals toward chaos, Amy Cooper fights to stop the evolution of a deadly virus. When her beliefs disagree with the Administration’s agenda, she is put on trial. #virus #ebola #coronavirus #religion #persecution Midnight Hour: 

This cunt say is slight Covid she have so she still came to work. Good thing I'm still working from home. Let HR deal with that!! Ppl out here wondering why numbers so high... selfishness, carelessness, recklessness need I say more.

'Vast majority are not reported': Home coronavirus tests make it impossible to track all cases 

Good news! My COVID test was negative! Bad news! I still feel like hammered shit!

Charlotte schools offering free at-home COVID antigen tests | #coronavirus | #kids. | #children | #schools 

B.C. health officials confirmed 63 new cases of COVID-19 in the Vancouver Island region Thursday. The new cases were among 424 cases identified across the province over the past 24 hours. 

Covid 19: New research suggests Delta strain 'drove itself to extinction' in Japan, via @nzherald 

Actions the public can take, the health leaders said, include get the COVID-19 vaccine; get a booster if it's six months or more since you've been fully vaccinated; get a flu shot; wear a mask whether vaccinated or not; and get tested early for COVID-19.

ALIEN AGENDA 101: &amp; THE TRANSHUMAN AGENDA 

#Republicans are suddenly in favor of #unemployment benefits — for anti-vaxxers | The #gop shamelessly abandona its “principles” to reward its own supporters who imperil #publicHealth 

Anyone else have an allergic reaction to their covid booster???

Guardians' employees face COVID vaccine mandate or termination: report 

My new book is out! "A Plague Upon Our House: My Fight at the Trump White House to Stop COVID From Destroying America" 

Today's #COVID19 summary reflects data as of Nov. 23: * 2 new deaths reported. * 2 residents of Kent County, both of whom were in their 70s and had underlying health conditions. * Both individuals were not vaccinated. * The deaths increased Delaware’s total to 2,164. #netde 

Rapid BinaxNOW COVID-19 Antigen Self Test 2 per box- $14!! 

"InnovationRx: Covid And Thanksgiving Travel; Plus, America’s Largest Private Companies" 

Where are fit-for-purpose Commonwealth quarantine facilities? Morrison continues to show no foresight and shirk his responsibilities. When the inevitable African wave hits, what is in readiness other than the all too fallible hotel merry-go-round? 

I mean NO DISRESPECT to @MonicaGandhi9, but hearing COVID as an “Endemic” provides LITTLE or NO FAITH/CONFIDENCE that this will end. 😓😵‍💫 Even though my mom &amp; I got our Booster Shots, @AlokPatelMD @abc7kristensze @DionLimTV @KTVU @abc7newsbayarea

"Covid-19 hospitalizations in the state are up 46 percent over the last two weeks." Covid-19 surge strains Michigan’s hospitals. 

Greater Manchester’s latest covid infection rates as cases continue to rise almost everywhere 

New Zealand Will Reopen to Tourists Within Months 

Anti-vax Wayne County, Michigan Republican Is in ICU with Covid 

miss covid when we could go on minecraft dates without being called cringe 💀💀

Hospitals brace for influx of Covid-19 patients 

Most of NSW restrictions to lift as state hits 95 per cent vaccination rate | 9 News Australia 

So, I've been largely absent from Twitter today. For a reason - my nephew has COVID and I watched him today while the family was attending my niece's out of county basketball game. He's fine, just too young to be left alone all day with the adults an hour away.

Seven doctors contract Covid after attending anti-vaccine summit in Florida 

Cases are still spiking. Southern Vietnam ramps up restrictions as Covid-19 resurges 

The constant changes your body goes through during the winter are 10x more stressful since covid. Waking up scratchy because you slept with the fan on or getting a little congesty because the heat’s on is way more nerve wracking. Hate it.

There's something instinctively disgusting about people who support covid restrictions. Talking to them, listening to the things they want and expect, sickens me to my stomach. It's like they're missing a piece.

Finally! Medical Proof the Covid Jab is "Murder" NO WORDS NEEDED.! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 Retweet .. 

Unvaccinated Joe Flacco lands on Jets’ COVID list as close contact to Mike White 

New Covid variant with 32 ‘horrific’ mutations detected in Africa amid fears it could escape vaccines🙏😷 #SmartNews 

‘More women will get cancer’: Covid cuts cervical screening rates in half 

the accelerationist covid policy, that is currently speeding toward a cliff, is driven by blood sucking functionaries, who each need a turn at adding some useless policy.

"This Whole Thing Smacks Of New COVID Variant" i holler as I send a NYT push alert and turn Thanksgiving to the Thanks of Shit

I swear our Covid posture for kids might be ran by a group of clowns from the circus. Especially in Maryland. @GoVAXMaryland @MDHealthDept kids need better than what MD Health is offering.

The New Yorker: Fauci Urges Americans to Use COVID as Excuse to Skip Thanksgiving with Horrible Relatives. 

There Are Now 365 Studies that Prove the Efficacy of Ivermectin and HCQ in Treating COVID-19 -- Will Anyone Confront Fauci and The Medical Elites on Their Deception? 

Hal Turner Radio Show - Vaccine Scandal in Slovenia - Bottles have Code #'s for Placebo, Vax, or KILL SHOT. This is consistent with Pfizer whistleblower in USA. ⁦@dbseymour⁩ ⁦@simonjbridges⁩ ⁦@SimeonBrownMP⁩ ⁦@Rightofcentre2⁩ 

Science study shoes how antibodies correlate with the degree of vaccine efficacy in people who'd received the Moderna #COVID19 vaccine have helped define immune correlates of protection. The results may guide approval decisions for mRNA COVID-19 vaccines 

BC health officials announce 322 new COVID-19 cases #COVID19BC 

Sheffield United Star John Fleck Collapses on Pitch During Tuesday Match and Rushed to the Hospital - TV Live Feed Cut when Announcer Asks If He's Had COVID Jab 

A heavily mutated covid variant in South Africa raises concern - Bergensia 

I wish TV shows stop making episodes related to COVID-19, I don’t have the energy to watch &amp; live it again 🤥

Covid travel rules: An interactive map of today's travel requirements 'updated, country-by-country info on travel restrictions, quarantine requirements, testing rules and documentation.' via /r/airport 

Covid in the 2039 

“Hand in hand, happily, we go for our third shot.” 

EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Dr. Zelenko to The Gateway Pundit: CDC's Response to COVID-19 "A Crime Against Humanity. Mass Murder. And Genocide..." 

COVID deaths in the US are swelling past 1,000/day. Children COVID cases are up almost 40% in last 2 weeks. “This is under our control” - Jeff Zients, WH COVID response coordinator 

Silenced not Silent !

Health Minister ‘deeply concerned’ about new Covid variant 

Covid will end but that shot will never go away. #protectourchildren #nofearmongering #yourchoice #homeschooling

Typewriters Make Come Back During COVID Pandemic - CBS Boston 

#BREAKING: BC is reporting 322 (-2) new cases of #COVID19 in the past 24 hours, along with nine (+8) more deaths. Of the active cases, 318 (-27) are in the hospital, of whom 109 (-6) are in the ICU. #bcpoli 

"For those who do experience a breakthrough infection, studies suggest that vaccination might only halve the risk of long COVID — or have no effect on it at all."

i think i have parosmia from covid😭😭😭😭

WTAF?!? Commie Portland can go up in flames for all I care… what a dumpster fire! A Running List of Portland Restaurants and Bars Checking Proof of Vaccination for Indoor Dining - Eater Portland 

The CDC can't hold water. Walensky can't take the heat; she knows people are on to her &amp; CDC con artistry about masks &amp; drugs. Changing this &amp; that every day, meddling with statistics, treating people like pawns &amp; our emotions like toys. She's no doctor. 

“Scientists have voiced concern about a new COVID variant that has a "really awful" combination of mutations that could possibly cause the virus to evade immunity.” 

Latest @HeardTellShow w/@conorduffy_7 turning down the news cycle noise on Biden at COP26, Covid-19 in US/Europe, US/UK relations &amp; a broader perspective on American politics Subscribe iTunes 

Covid 19 delta outbreak: Revealed - Why kung-fu granny confronted anti-mandate protesters, via @nzherald 

Anyone that believes Covid was a pandemic that couldn’t have been prevented is an idiot

#UttarPradesh crosses 1⃣5⃣▪️5⃣ Crores #vaccination, by Far Highest in the Country!🙏🏽 #LargestVaccineDrive #HarGharDastak #YogiAdityanath #JewarInternationalAirport 

11/25/2021 Miles Guo’s GETTR: Don't give your kids COVID jabs. There have been more and more cases of dropping dead, falling, and car accidents due to the COVID vaccines. Artemisinin is the antidote and has saved many people

JUST IN: Downtown #Toronto Out of the Cold program could be forced to shut down if money, support runs out; Twice-weekly initiative launched to help unhoused, low-income people during #COVID19 pandemic. #DowntownEastTO @StreetHealthTO @oahas More here: 

25-Nov: #Jharkhand #COVID19 update Active Cases : 109 ⬇️ 14 

Coming to Australia in Mid 2022. #auspol #COVID19 

Work in ECEC and have hesitancy about being vaccinated against COVID-19? Researchers in WA are seeking ECEC voices to share their unique experience of the pandemic in a bid to understand the needs of the sector more deeply. 

The ‘save us all’ vaccine actually appears in studies to kill the white blood cells in your body making it impossible to fight any kind of infection. Thus, you are seeing huge spikes in Covid cases from the vaccinated. The higher the vaccination rate, the higher the deaths got it

I’m both really pleased about this, and also really fucked off about it. Thirteen years my life has been on hold due to drastically extreme fatigue. Yet suddenly there’s a drug that could have been helping all this time if it had had funding?😠🤬 #mecfs 

On Tuesday, Rodgers said on “The Pat McAfee Show” he had no lingering effects from his COVID-19 diagnosis other than “COVID toe,” which he described as “more painful than turf toe.” 

#bcpoli #cdnpoli Not sure where is the end...New COVID variant form SA, called B.1.1.529, which is deadlier than Delta has been discovered- it was mutated 32 times... .

He's gone completely insane. Michael Flynn claims 'global elites' plan new virus because 'COVID tyranny' didn't work 

Ontario's top doctor has issued guidance on safely gathering for the holidays, including getting vaccinated and not gathering indoors with more than 25 people. "Wear a face covering and physically distance if individuals in attendance are unvaccinated." 

Europe’s Covid wave shows jab uptake in UK is ‘critical’, Sage member says 

Some persons to be issued new COVID vaccination cards 

Covid Australia NSW case numbers SPIKE up to 276 infections but only 31 people in intensive care 

“There’s probably more infection happening among the vaccinated population, more spread happening in that population, the unboosted portion of that population, than what we’re picking up because we’re just not systematically tracking this.” Ya think? 🤦‍♂️ 

The federal government's changes to visa settings are a “much-needed reprieve” for international students stranded overseas due to COVID-19, Immigration Minister Alex Hawke says: 

➦ Guadeloupe: burned cars block roundabout after Covid riots | AFP » 

🔴 BREAKING!!! New heavily mutated #COVID variant is discovered in South Africa. 

Covid CCSD testing lines never seem to shorten! 

"The UK puts six African countries on its red list due to new COVID-19 variant" 

Indians In Israel Remember 26/11 Mumbai Terror Attack, Demand Action Against Masterminds - Coronavirus Updates 

|| I’m sorry for not being on guys! I am dealing with the covid virus at the moment and doesn’t have muse for it

B.C. reports 424 more COVID-19 cases Thursday, 3 deaths 

US State Population Distribution by County For IN 2021-11-22: Covid Insights From Our Analytics Team and USAFacts #datavisualization #datascience #analytics #health #data #covid19 #publichealth #covid 

too much before the 1pm press statement for covid lol

Intensely dislike Amazon’s involvement here: “Sununu also announced what he said was a first-of-its-kind agreement with Amazon to provide delivery for one million at-home testing kits.” 

I have covid 🎉

#Lockdown #Business Support Boosted 

Psychopaths 😡 'Make it Fun!' - CBS Tells Viewers to Have Appetizers in the Garage While Guests Take Rapid Covid Tests Before Thanksgiving Dinner (VIDEO) 

SA is finally going to realise that Covid is indeed a thing.

600 is just the brave employees. You know it is at least 6000 

EU proposes nine-month time limit on validity of COVID vaccinations for travel 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

Aaron Rodgers denies having COVID toe after claiming to have had it 

Oklahoma Health Dept. Addresses Plateauing COVID Cases, Public Health Lab Report, Holiday Trends 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

COVID 19 Case Bulletin Daily Report as of 25 November 2021 

Breaking News: A new variant of the coronavirus, whose mutations display a “jump in evolution,” is driving a spike in Covid infections in South Africa. - via @NYTimes 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

Scientists in South Africa have discovered a new variant with several mutations, terming it a variant of “serious concern.” 

From #NPR: New coronavirus variant in South Africa raises concern 

Aaron Rodgers doesn’t just have any toe injury. He has COVID toe. - The Wall Street Journal Ok, guess I shouldn’t, but I find this hilarious. Sorry, not sorry. 

Pfizer Booster Vaccine Done Thankyou Lord🙏 

These graphics represent the number of Sutter County and Yuba-Sutter combined residents hospitalized due to COVID-19 between Thursday, 11/18, and Wednesday, 11/24, whether at Adventist Health and Rideout Hospital (AHRO) or any other hospital in California. #getvaccinated. 

COVID-19: Fully vaccinated B.C. man, initially denied COVID vaccine card, gets his card 

this man made me smell his nuggies. i’m gonna get covid

I had my students do individual presentations instead of group presentations because of covid precautions. They are doing excellent presentations, but there is so much (great) discussion after each one that I am totally off schedule with only one more class left in the semester!

Google Searches For 'Died Suddenly' Surge Worldwide, Is The COVID-19 Vaccine Responsible? 🤐💉☠️ 

“covid toe” 🤢... so much for my short-lived foot fetish lol 

EXC: Gates Foundation Sent Over $54 Million To China Since COVID, Including To Wuhan Collaborators. 

Pandemic skyrockets in Europe; COVID is the No. 1 cause of death 

‘More women will get cancer’: Covid cuts cervical screening rates in half 

South Park: Post Covid First min in and Stan and Kyle haven’t talked since they were kids. I wanna KMS.

7 Day Confirmed Covid Cases per 1K Population by County For SC 2021-11-22: Covid Insights From Our Analytics Team and USAFacts #datavisualization #datascience #analytics #health #data #covid19 #publichealth #covid 

a nursery closed due to cases of Covid-19 

Victoria hits 90% double-dose milestone as state records 1254 new COVID-19 cases, five deaths - The Age maybe if people stopped protesting and just carried on as normal those numbers would come down! #istandwithdan thank you ⁦@DanielAndrewsMP⁩ 🙏🙏 

Kansas Governor to Sign Bill That Makes Businesses Allow Broad Exemptions to COVID-19 Vaccine Requirements 

If haters thinking AR's SUCH AS DRAYK'S,ARFifphTEEN'S,AK'S AND COVID HUH

ALIEN AGENDA 101: COVID19 &amp; THE TRANSHUMAN AGENDA 

B.C. reports 424 more COVID-19 cases Thursday, 3 deaths 

Steve Restivo, actor and former co-owner of Vitello’s restaurant, dies of cancer and COVID-19 at 81 

B.C. reports 424 more COVID-19 cases Thursday, 3 deaths 

FISM News | November 24, 2021 

Yo. We have not been back in the office for even a month and we already have a COVID positive coworker who was onsite. I am wearing my fuck you face.

Another new Variant in the UK? That's what you get when you lt a virus like Covid run wild! 

So, if I understand correctly, the Queensland Govt wants me to get a test the moment I land in Sydney and spend 2 more days than intended in a hotspot before returning home to prove that I didn't have COVID when I left...

No vaccination? No sports, Toronto school board tells students 

Covid be trying to beat my ass at night time. Like bitch we was good all day smh 

God. God! 

Far more people die in #Austria from traffic accidents than from the #coronavirus. Yet the government has decided to subject the entire population to one of the most rigid lockdowns in modern history. #VaccineMandates By Orlando Avendaño. ://

KFL&amp;A Public Health you should add to the pharmacy eligibility list those who are asymptomatic and provide services in higher risk communities such as sports coaches, day care workers etc . 

Highly Infectious #Nu Variant Can Be Far WORSE than #Delta Variant #CovidisNotOVer #CovidisAirborne #Coronavirus #Covid_19 #Covid19Canada #Covid19BC #Covid19AB #Progressive #Covid19On #NuVariant #BTRTG #Variants #Progressives #VariantsofConcern #IARTG 

Over 118 crore Covid vaccine doses administered in India so far, says Health Ministry The countrywide vaccination drive was rolled out on January 16 with healthcare workers getting inoculated in the first phase. The vacci... #News by #EconomicTimes 

Is the new Covid variant the worst of all? 

Risk of COVID-19 infection more than DOUBLES 90 days after the second dose of the Pfizer vaccine 

Not surprised but a little concerned as #masks are coming off, #vaccinations stalled, &amp; cases+hospitalizations + deaths begin to rise again. I absolutely believe we can do all the pre #pandemic things with a few #COVID19 precautions 

Shoppers Drug Mart 986 - Yonge Sheppard Centre Services in Toronto [Toronto health unit] 193 1st dose Pfizer or Moderna spots added First available date is 2021-11-30 Book at 

Austrians Could Face Jail Time For Refusing COVID Vaccines * Beginning on February 1st, COVID vaccination will be a legal requirement for all citizens in Austria. * Those who refuse may face fines and, if they refuse to pay, possible jail time. 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

Just one new Covid case added in Kolhapur district 

Biden may turn away migrants but offer them free Covid-19 jabs 

That damn covid toe image keeps coming up on my TL and the only thing that comes to mind is this 

Reinfection from Covid-19 is rare, severe disease is even rarer, a study of people in Qatar finds – CNN 

The latest The EU Daily! 

There are not five people in better health than Steve Burton on General Hospital and that includes all the kids, again its time to stop lying everyone is at risk from covid(elderly and obese most), there should be a mask option since they said for two years mask work

Hahhahahaha what the fuck is “covid toe”? #AaronRodgers

There used to be no significant difference in flu vaccination rates between democrats and republicans pre covid-19 pandemic and now the difference is ~25% (the difference for covid vaccination is ~30%). 

Matthew Dibble: 40-Year-Old Professional Musician Dies After Receiving AstraZeneca COVID-19 Vaccine 

&amp; yes I blame Amari Cooper as well for not being Vaccinated &amp; whoever else on this team that’s not vaccinated That shit is a selfish move regardless if you believe in the Vaccination or not it’s about what’s doing best for the fucking team &amp; all MF’s do is think about themselves

Matthew Dibble: 40-Year-Old Professional Musician Dies After Receiving AstraZeneca COVID-19 Vaccine。 

Anyone else notice that a few days ago the news was talking about how Africa is over covid despite next to zero vaccines but now they are freaking out about the new South African variant and the Botswana variant? Speak the truth and they counter it with bullshit.

It's time the great Dr Fauci gives a reason why there have been more covid related deaths so far this year, than all of last year. No vaccine at all last year, yet plenty of people vaccinated this year. Anxious to hear any reason. Knowing it will be a lie

🚨 | Dr. Geert Vanden Bossche explains how mass vaccination w/ leaky vaccines can drive the acceleration of escape mutants… 

B.C. is reporting 324 new cases of COVID-19 and one more death today; and 90.9% of eligible people 12 and older in B.C. have received their first dose of COVID-19 vaccine and 87.4% have received their second dose. 

CDC on Monday announced 7-day average of US coronavirus infections has increased 18% and the 7-day average of hospital admissions, 6%. 775,000 Americans have died of COVID-19. Polio took 80% US pop. vax'd to disappear. COVID's at 59%. 

Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan disclosed in a recent interview that he was infected with the Wuhan coronavirus over the summer, but declined to say if he is vaccinated against the virus. 

The COVID-19 booster has been approved for most. Get yours if you got your second shot more than 6 months ago. I just got mine! Visit 

When the faith, the family, gender &amp; the nation are eliminated, what remains to be eliminate? You are the target, you're the carbon oxide and the virus. Trust the jabs #Climate #virus #Covid #Covid_19 #mRNA #vaccination #lockdown #GretaThunberg @RWMaloneMD #RobertMalone #WHO #UN

"How to Celebrate Pandemic Thanksgiving, Round 2" by Spencer Bokat-Lindell via NYT 

I hope this address is from 8 to 8:10 tops…. If it is about Covid anyways 😅

fuck covid for messing up my taste buds

The COVID-19 Pandemic has not been nice to many people. This is a reminder to visit a psychologist if Corona Virus has affected your financial situation, relationship, or general peace of mind.

One of the keys to stopping tyrannical covid policies, will be the self governing women who take back authority from corrupt politicians 

One thing I’m really mad at Covid for is the price of cars

Some wacko from CNBC said that every guest that comes to his house for Thanksgiving dinner must present a vaccine ID and take a quick Covid test! What would you do?

New support for power of attorney (POA) transactions amid COVID-19. 

Would love to see your best references for why we aren't worried about long term side effects with vaccines (generally and the Pfizer COVID vaccine in particular). Not ones that rely on authority figures (CDC or otherwise) but ones that bring in data directly.

“Vaccinated, recovered or dead”: Germany sends out a stark warning on COVID - CNBC 

'Another holiday season of COVID': Experts ‘really concerned’ about rise in case numbers 

SOME NDP members, not all, are really trying to make Hybrid Parliament less about COVID, and more about convenience, huh?

they've been trying to do this with people over a certain BMI for decades and they're going to use Covid to get there finally 

Britain’s public body advising the NHS announced that people with mild depression in England should be offered therapy before medication. On our “Babbage” podcast we explore the development of cognitive behavioural therapy by the late Aaron Beck 

I, and my kids had the Swine Flu vax, we were lucky. They stopped the vaccinations because of the adverse side effects. Rightly so! They have not stopped the covid vaccine because it works. And I think the NWO existed back then too, they had their chance and banned the vaccine?!?

Covid Restrictions and Mandates Imposed by “the whims of public health bureaucrats” are Illegal, Missouri Court Rules 

today is my second dose of covid vaccine. 🤒

Good morningg! It's my vaccination daaay

I have almost no sense of taste at the moment (I don’t have covid), so basically life isn’t worth living anymore

#Maharashtra crosses 1⃣1⃣ Crores #vaccination, WB 9⃣ Crores, only 3rd in da Country! #LargestVaccineDrive #HarGharDastak 

Covid What? Brandon Who? 

There would be no public scrutiny or discussion of this questionable deal made by the @GovofCO administration but for the reporting of @DavidMigoya In-depth investigative reporting is essential to our state &amp; communities. 

Just out @BMJ_Latest The time course and extent of breakthrough infections (2 doses, Pfizer vaccine) A study of over 83,000 people serially assessed demonstrates a gradual increase in risk across all adult age groups 

cadee spread covid through her butterfly kisses🤫🤫 -xoxo gossip girl

Got a txt from my hair salon today,stating that Covid passport is now required. I sent an email stating that I was disappointed that was their stance of discrimination and I won’t be back or forget the treatment of their valued clients

At least 210 coronavirus cases are linked to a South Korean religious settlement. 

If Covid is all about inhalation, I guess we can also admit that the hand-washing mantra was all complete bullshit?

Where's Towel Man? Reluctance to get COVID tests has kept him from most Blues games 

In the pandemic’s early days, Livingston Food Resource Center’s food delivery program increased by 300%. Michael McCormick said the organization plans to hold onto some of the COVID-spurred adaptations it made to meet needs. #mtnews 

Cardiff and Scarlets trying to fly home as South Africa goes on Covid red list 

India set to ban cryptocurrencies - The proposed bill "seeks to prohibit all private cryptocurrencies in India," the Lok Sabha said and comes after Prime... - 

Travel bans imposed over new COVID-19 variant found in South Africa 

As the world spirals toward chaos, Amy Cooper fights to stop the evolution of a deadly virus. When her beliefs disagree with the Administration’s agenda, she is put on trial. #virus #ebola #coronavirus #religion #persecution Midnight Hour: 

Horsey Paste only protects cloven hooves 

EXC: Gates Foundation Sent Over $54 Million To China Since COVID, Including To Wuhan Collaborators. 

Loving it! $JNJ should move soon sort of like $PFE did with U.S. approval 

£200,000,000 budget for HM Government COVID communications (advertising) and I haven't yet seen ONE public poster, advert, or leaflet encouraging people to report adverse side effects

Proof of vaccination can also be emailed to Amy.williams@hrce.ca

I don’t understand pls inform me. If you are vaccinated &amp; get Covid you can still spread it right? Or no… cause I was under the impression you can so why are people being so mean to those unvaccinated is it a bullying tactic lol

Dubai for spring break 🎉 2 years later 😭after it was postponed due to covid.

This covid booster is kicking my butt. Just know that I'll do it again as many times as it takes.

Latest Idaho COVID-19 case and vaccine numbers: Interactive graphs and maps tracking the pandemic 

covid 19: Why some are out to prove their pneumonia isn’t Covid | India News 

sorry mates we dont need your stuff anymore, some girl on league twitter decided for us @pfizer @moderna_tx

Minister for Disability Issues Carmel Sepuloni has announced that efforts to support disabled peoples’ vaccinations will improve with the launch of a new text service. ⬇ 

Fauci says vast majority of vaccinated Americans should get a COVID-19 booster 

New coronavirus variant in South Africa raises concern 

Burkina Faso: COVID-19-related restrictions remain largely unchanged as of late November; authorities to reopen land borders Dec. 1 /update 21 

I lost my best mate during COVID from a difference of opinion. I know words can hurt but I miss him dearly. I hope if he’s reading this out there, I hope you can see we can still be mates even though we see things from a different perspective. Love ya bruv #chicksluvit

COVID-19: New Deaths Reported, Infection Stays High In CT; Latest Breakdown Of Cases By County | Stamford Daily Voice 

Happy Thanksgiving 🍁 Employee comp 8.5% higher 10/2021 over 10/20. Social benefits 22.8% higher. Report: 

What's the issue with spike proteins? #spikeproteins 

Today was the first day that 2nd pediatric doses of the Pfizer vaccine were administered. This updated chart separates the 1st and 2nd pediatric doses that were given. #EssexCounty #PuttingEssexCountyFirst 

Her entire family has covid... wonderful day to find that out

MOST READ TODAY #3: U.S. Asks Appeals Court to Lift Stay on COVID Vaccine Mandate or Allow Mask Rule 

Vaccines and masks are IRRELEVANT to Christianity. There's nothing pro- or anti-Christian about masks, and there's nothing pro- or anti-Christian about vaccines. #antivaxxers #antivax #antimaskers 

In October, the CDC added mood disorders to the eligibility criteria for COVID-19 booster shoots. "People are looking at situations that are not as immediately obvious as a source of vulnerability ... but are real," says @StanfordPSY's David Spiegel. 

"US to Expand Vaccination Requirement for Foreign National Travelers to Include All Land Border Crossers from Canada and Mexico in January" 

Tennis-Spain's Alcaraz out of Davis Cup Finals due to COVID 

Liberals still say Her Body-Her Choice...except for the mandatory Covid shot. #LiberalHypocrisy

$700 flights to Amsterdam in January. To go or not to go? I’m just wondering what the COVID-19 situation will look like there right after the holidays 😐 #Amsterdam #COVID19 #Covid_19 #Travel

COVID-19: Parents not granted special leave under Sask. legislation to get children vaccinated | 

Watched the clip. And Aaron Rodgers did not seem like he was joking! Now he claims he was. 

"A CRAZY MESS"!! Pfizer Whistleblower SLAMS Vaccine Trials 

#Europe #Health #Coronavirus #COVID19 @WHO —&gt; WHO Europe warns of possible surge in COVID deaths ahead - ABC News - 

#BREAKING: BC is reporting 424 (+102) new cases of #COVID19 in the past 24 hours, along with three (-6) more deaths. Of the active cases, 295 (-23) are in the hospital, of whom 112 (+3) are in the ICU. #bcpoli 

Remember with every new wave of Covid only Hedgies will die Apes will continue to buy more. Covid is not going to be permanent. It will be completely gone one day after it’s volatile waves. Even if cases rise eventually AMC and Apes will succeed.

Britain stops some flights from Africa over new Covid-19 variant worries 

WHO says fully vaccinated should wear masks and physically distance as Covid infections surge 

#PressReleases Celebrate a customized COVID-19 free events with Bubble Vibez! by Visi…: Source: Celebrate a customized COVID-19 free events with Bubble Vibez! by Visi… Discovered on: 2021-11-24 00:00:00 (1888PressRelease) November 24, 2021 – COVID-19… 



not good... Scientists warn of new Covid variant with high number of mutations 

Digital banks can enter RRP with BSP - The BSP chief went on to say that the digital bank can also access the overnight lending facility, which allows counterparties to borrow... - 

Aaron Rodgers Insists He Doesn't Have 'COVID Toe,' Look At It! - 

New COVID variant: UK urgently brings in travel restrictions to stop spread of 'the worst one we've seen so far' 

Excellent news! #yeg -@GrahamMosimann 

If you're wondering where covid is spending Thanksgiving? .

“We're concerned about a false sense of security that vaccines have ended the #COVID19 pandemic. Vaccines save lives, but they do not fully prevent transmission. So please be careful and: Wear a mask. Keep distance. Avoid crowds. Open windows. Clean hands.” @DrTedros

An easy way to keep your proof of vaccination close by. (Via @ColoradoSun) 

Free COVID-19 Vaccinations are available at your local pharmacy. Listen in HINDI to make a booking and get vaccinated @PharmGuildAus⁩ #pharmacyguild #australia #COVID19 #vaccinations #bookyourappointmenttoday #pharmacy #vaccines #Hindi 

In Germany, the Head of the Chemnitz Clinic, Dr Thomas Jendges, committed suicide saying he no longer wants to be part of the Genocide happening vis the COVID-19 Vaccine. 

[English] Others: Reports of Suspected Adverse Reactions to COVID-19 Vaccines and the Vacci 

CoVid Vaccines Prevent Long CoVid 

All county-operated COVID-19 vaccination sites will be closed for the holiday, and just one will be open on Friday. Here's what to know. 

Mental Health of Italian Health Care Workers During COVID-19 

WHO says fully vaccinated should wear masks and physically distance as Covid infections surge #SmartNews 

How Could an Oral Antiviral Drug Help Against COVID? 

There are two types of terrified people tonight. One is the Covid bedwetters terrified of the new varient. Type two is those terrified about whats really going on.

Aaron Rodgers Backtracks on “COVID Toe” Claim By Displaying Feet in Press Conference – E! Online 

Coronavirus Bay Area live updates: Pediatric COVID cases rise for 3rd week 

What's Trending Za? South African Health Department warns of new Covid-19 varient that shows high transmissibility Cases of B.1.1.529 are rising in various provinces particularly in Gauteng, North West &amp; Limpopo Province #TrendingNow #za_trending #lockdown #COVID19

Musician, 40, suffered brain haemorrhage 'induced AstraZeneca Covid vaccine', inquest hears #NoVaccinePassports 

Iran health ministry concerned about Covid, flu outbreaks 

Hey Hypocrite Zombie Democrats @DNC Wheres The Outrage For The #ImposterInChief Biden @JoeBiden COVID DEATHS &amp; with a Vaccine Rollout Exceeds 400k+ Than Those Attributed To @realDonaldTrump Time In Office &amp; At The Start Of The Plandemic Of Chinas. Scum Fake News @CNN @MSNBC et al

#Christmas is commercialised, it used to be a religious occasion but now it’s all about money ! History will talk about how #COVID19 was commercialised as well in 2020/21 ! Vaccine companies banned any successful treatment with the help of FDA, WHO ,CDC and weak governments

Vintage Glass Jar with Plastic Tomato Shaped Lid, Glass Container, Kitchen Storage Retro Decor, Kitchenware, Tableware, Made in France, 70s 

Fifteen Ontario public schools are now closed due to COVID-19 outbreaks 

World’s biggest Ikea opens in Philippines after Covid-19 induced delay 

Wonder what kind of liability businesses might incur from forcing people to get COVID shots instead of wear masks. If someone goes out and gets COVID shot specifically so they can go to your business, what happens if they have reaction to it? What if they die?

The "Pegasus APP" database recorded the October 2019 infection of federal soldiers and their families with the new coronavirus, indicating that it had spread in the United States prior to its discovery in Wuhan.

COVID-19: Another 324 new cases recorded in B.C. along with one death 

I got my Pfizer booster jab today. The saying is: 80% of life is just showing up. If more people understood that; we'd all be better off.

My big sister AND my daddy has COVID and they both don’t feel good at all🥺

We're #hiring a Health and Human Services Program Supervisor in the #PublicHealth Division. This individual will be responsible for the supervision and oversight of operations to prevent the spread of COVID-19. #Applytoday at 

Victoria records 1,196 new Covid cases and three deaths as the 90 percent vaccination milestone approaches 

And yet Paul Reid is looking for a deregation to make HCWs stay at work, despite being close contact. Shocking.... Nearly 7,000 Covid-19 cases linked to hospital outbreaks since the beginning of the pandemic 

SNEAK PEEK: 'Covid-19' TV Limbo 

Stunned friends warn against complacency after Covid death 

“Health teams in full PPE, working in temperatures of almost 40-degrees Celsius, have helped change the prognosis for those residents. Mr Gunner said the vaccination surge saw Binjari, Rockhole &amp; Warlpiri communities reach 100% first-dose 💉 rate.” 

Arizona health leaders on Wednesday pleaded with the public to get vaccinated as COVID-19 continues to deplete resources in hospitals across the state. Story by @stephanieinnes: 

Heavily mutated coronavirus variant puts scientists on alert 

Pfizer Vaccine 100% Effective In Adolescents After 4 Months, Says Company 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

When gammon want #terrorists to all be #muslim so bad you ignore the #fact they're #christians &amp; just keep coming up with stupid #reasons they're probably muslims. The Prime Minister Keir Starmer Shamima Begum Moderna The NHS #Covid_19 #PMQs #politicslive #WorldPrematurityDay

Covid Live Updates: South Africa Identifies New Variant 

Violent Protests Against Covid Lockdowns—35,000 In Brussels—Continue In Europe 

Where's Towel Man? Reluctance to get COVID tests has kept him from most Blues games 

COVID-19 vaccination no silver bullet with Western WHDS Vic confirming that 14 double vaccinated people caught COVID at a country music concert for vaccinated patrons only. Will Aust head the same way as Europe? 

COVID and remote First Nations communities: Why are vaccination levels so varied? 

This is sky sports at 11.47pm. A Sheffield United player has collapsed and yet does not make the news but this racism issue still does. #SheffieldUnited #Pfizer #NoVaccinePassportsAnywhere #GetVaccinated @SkyNews this is all bullshit now and is becoming embarrassing 

Don’t worry. I’m sure @joerogan and @AaronRodgers12 can cure it by drinking gasoline or something 

if darryl brooks in WI gets 5 counts of intentional homicide, why dont republicons @GOP get it for THE 100s of 1000s they killed w covid

Pfizer Vaccine 100% Effective In Adolescents After 4 Months, Says Company 

The Covid lab leak theory just got even stronger 

apparently a covid case came through my pub on a day I’d rostered all my staff on 

NYTimes 

Update on #COVID19 virus variant B.1.1.529 

Happy Thanksgiving! My rules for hosting Tday today with family on opposite political sides: no politics or straight to jail. No Covid talk or right to jail. Worked out well. Hope yours did can too. 

lol remember when the star said they were making covid reporting free 

🧵These sociopaths have decided not to wear masks in Terminal A @DFWAirport during Thanksgiving travel, in violation of federal law. Shame on them for endangering everyone around them &amp; ensuring the pandemic continues. #COVIDIOTS #COVID19 #DFW cc: @TSA 

EXCLUSIVE: European Medicines Agency Data Shows 1,163,356 Adverse Drug Reactions and 30,551 Fatalities by COVID-19 Vaccinations 

Even with the highest numbers of COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations since pandemic began, Sununu is not considering a mask mandate. 

Scientists warn of new Covid variant with high number of mutations 

I hope I never have to get a throat Covid test again shit hurtin so bad still

my aunt, who is anti vax, is currently on a ventilator with covid. my relationship with her is nonexistent but i spent a lot of time with her when i was young. it seems appropriate to say "my feelings are complicated," but they aren't.

are u an official pfizer doll? @MILI0NARIA

Hey @CenturyLink do you have a survey about your automated phone system? If so, I don't give a shit about your covid response. I care I have internet.

"America is drawing upon data from another country to decide whether the [COVID-19] vaccine is good for Americans. To me, that is shocking" says Sigal Atzmon. 

I got my very 1st #COVID19 vaccine today! I’ve been putting it off for months because I was afraid of anaphylaxis. I survived! 😁 I’m so proud of myself for fighting though my fears today! 💪💖 Got it for my loved ones! I did it! @JustinTrudeau @adriandix 

What will the future hold? Paramount+ is now streaming SOUTH PARK: POST COVID 

Mr. Health Minister claims the end of #COVID19 in Iran while crediting "Basij" instead of healthcare staff! His deputies warn about schools reopening &amp; talk about it AFTER the fact… 3-digit deaths &amp; danger of the next wave continues… Graphs... #IranTruth 

Killing Sprees at College Labs During COVID-19 Shutdown 

Oldies Are Best!: "A CRAZY MESS"!! Pfizer Whistleblower SLAMS Vaccin... 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

i hope lisa’s doing okay. whether she’s still sleeping, or is just waking up i hope she’s feeling better and that her covid symptoms aren’t so bad :(

Covid test came back negative. Didn't think I had it but had to make sure.

I was sooooo excited for thanksgiving this year…got covid the week of and lost my taste and smell Ya’ll have one sad pregnant girl this year 🙃

36 new cases were reported in the Island Health region. 

Someone wanna explain how it's fair that I get a head cold the day after I recover from my COVID booster?! 😩 I just wanna clean my house so I can be worry free in LA 😢

the covid-delta-plus-rewards variant lmao #SouthParkPostCovid

The Covid revolts. This week’s @spectator cover 

Scrunity of Samantha Bailey​ by the Medical Council came after it received 15 complaints – many from fellow doctors – about her social media posts. 

Who thinks I should start a no vaccination, no hospitalization movement?? Hey, let’s see’em put their life where their mouth is, right?? As well, it’s the the docs, nurses and all hospital staff suffering due to these idiots. Plus they are killing others by taking their beds!!

B.C. reports 424 more COVID-19 cases Thursday, 3 deaths 

Basketball is a joke of a sport anymore with refs calling fouls when you touch another person, I know this is Covid times but come on. It’s bad at all levels @BarstoolBigCat @BSSAdvisors @barstoolsports

US State Population Distribution by County For IL 2021-11-22: Covid Insights From Our Analytics Team and USAFacts #datavisualization #datascience #analytics #health #data #covid19 #publichealth #covid 

Where's Towel Man? Reluctance to get COVID tests has kept him from most Blues games 

. Finally! Medical Proof the Covid Jab is "Murder" . 

“Now I hear he has a toe injury. Let me ask you something: When he had the toe injury, did he go to the doctor or did he go to Joe Rogan?” - Stern Howard Stern Hits Unvaxxed Aaron Rodgers With Brutal Question About His Toe Injury | HuffPost Entertainment 

⁦@KathyHochul⁩ just institute mandates. Upstate counties need the crackdown to stop the surge. Warning not helping. Even if every unvaxxed person got it today, it would still be almost two months b4 fully vaxxed, and holidays. #covid 

Tryna pic my post Covid pop out hairstyle n fit 😭

48 Covid-19 deaths ! @ahkmlog @aminherba @ayg16 @billibear3 @borneobah @broz6969 @cheong_desmond @devilishram @frantickl @geanalyst @imfsea_aruna @lowelsielow @malaysiainsight @nonvitaltooth @prabdullah @pudindon @sallehismail888 @skumar176 @yvonneapy 

Like get the fuck out of here please 

Covid-affected Bayern secures top spot with 2-1 win over Dynamo 

Y'all need to calm down. They moved Australian dates bc they're super strict about shows and covid restrictions. Stop asking if your date is gonna be cancelled (it probably isn't) and feel bad for your Australian friends. They haven't had shows since 2019

In-laws hosted Thanksgiving got cancelled because they got Covid last minute. Took the kiddos to a @KeysCafeMN for thanksgiving dinner instead and had a blast. Kids are so resilient.

These agrigenomic experts were able to recognize parallels between their PCR-based genotyping workflows and the needs of human healthcare diagnostics to rapidly pivot during COVID-19 and protect as many people as possible. 

How to navigate tricky conversations about COVID vaccines at Christmas time .🥂

Jacqui Lambie: Nobody should be forced to do anything, but freedom to choose cuts both ways | The New Daily Well said Jacqui 👏 👏👏 

Election workers identified as COVID-19 contacts have been replaced and Grand Bay by-election will continue as 

⚕😷💥 New COVID Variant In South Africa 💥😷⚕ "South African scientists have detected 30 mutations to spike protein which could have implications for vaccine efficacy &amp; transmissibility." 

$CRO while the world is busy with covid. We are here making money. Dont ever get distracted. 😄 #RecvProfit

you can’t argue for forced vax and at the same time express deep concern for every new variant #covid #COVID19vaccine #covidvariant #Covid

Not now, heavily mutated variant B.1.1.529 raising concern. Covid: New heavily mutated variant B.1.1.529 in South Africa raises concern 

A health worker is among three more cases of COVID-19 linked to a Hamilton country music event, bringing the total number of active cases in the region to 29. @WboolStandard 

CANADIANS WAKEUp &amp; Smell the Coffee Covid news: WHO tells fully vaccinated to wear masks, physically distance 

Australian government must be careful with Covid vaccine mandates: Human Rights Commissioner 

Risk of Covid infection in the double vaccinated increases over time 

The percentage of new positive cases over the past week was 3.1%. 

Human rights advocates eye legal action against Canadian, German, Norwegian and UK governments over global COVID vaccine inequality 

Not a single person mentioned COVID the entire night, and barely any politics talk! Fantastico 

A lesson for all the "freedom" fanatics. As Virus Cases Rise in Europe, an Economic Toll Returns 

Excellent @ADBSocial review of recent lessons on #socialprotection #Covid responses in the #Philippines 🇵🇭 Gudmalin et al: 

Covid 19 media briefing on the pandemic in Geneva on Wednesday that vaccines work but they do not fully prevent the transmission of the virus. 

#BreakingNews AstraZeneca CEO says low uptake of its vaccine responsible for abrupt spike in COVID cases

"Believe me, this here is turning into a third-world country because of the f---ing morons we have living here," Howard Stern said of those who oppose COVID-19 vaccinations. 





JUST IN: British Columbia reported another 424 new cases of COVID-19 on Thursday, along with three additional deaths. 

I’m not sure if I should get the COVID-19 vaccine booster. 🤔 #Decisions

#COVID19 How's that VAXX going for you folks? Santa Cruz says you better wear a mask in your house this Thanksgiving vaxx or unvaxxed. 

Translation: people who think vaccination changes their DNA should look at this as an OPPORTUNITY! #nailedit 

Alarm over new Covid variant triggers South Africa travel ban - The Times and The Sunday Times 

People experiencing disadvantage are more at risk of COVID - and COVID-related policing. They also can face a complexity of issues in order to exit the fines system. 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

UPDATE: The Builders Club COVID Vaccination Policy - 

Uh-oh Fully vaccinated Bryan Adams tests positive for COVID for second time in a month 

Meet Australian author Jared Kavanagh whose alternative history book WALKING THROUGH DREAMS is a finalist in the 2019 Sidewise Award for Alternate History (delayed due to Covid and winners to be announced soon!).⁠ ⁠ 

Covid-19 live: Govt expected to outline the future of NZ's borders, MIQ 

TV covid propagandist Dr Hillary Jones confronted 

I wish people understood that *transmission* (even in vaccinated) people matters just as much as hospitalization/death. We are gravely underestimating the impact Long COVID will have

In one of its first acts since the return of Parliament, the federal government has tabled legislation to create a suite of new, more selective pandemic support programs. 

C0VID isn't the first virus to be spread by V@××'s reccomended by #BMGF/GAVI/ #WHO- India, DRC, Nigeria, Sudan, Chad, Ethiopia, Cameroon, Eritrea... This is probably why Africa has a lower COVID rate, they've learned to be skeptical of vaxx's endorsed by rhe above organizations. 

Coronavirus: 3,666 new cases confirmed in Ireland (via @thejournal_ie) 

JUST IN: British Columbia reported another 424 new cases of COVID-19 on Thursday, along with three additional deaths. 

Special radiation can kill COVID-19 and polio virus, Israeli study shows 

BREAKING:Aboriginals HUNTED BY MILITARY Kids JABBED BY FORCE 

Must Know! Possible adverse reactions after getting COVID-19 vaccine | Bangkok Hospital Bangkok Thailand More info on side-effects of Covid-19 vaccine and children OUR Democrat controlled news/social uses propaganda/Censorship to CONTROL NARRATIVE 

Couldn’t let chills and pain from that stupid Covid-19 booster stop me from getting out🌞🏝 Venice beach heals🙏 

Associate Scientist - Cell Culture - Pearl River, New York - Pfizer #ScienceJobs 

I had mild Covid in Feb 2020 and had no clue symptoms I was experiencing (stomach, breathing, high BP, etc) for the past 21 mos were from that and after many dr visits w/all normal results I’m more frustrated than ever. WE NEED HELP!#TreatLongCovid

My brother in law was telling me he never caught Covid, and gave credit to wearing a mask. He said he'll wear one during the flu seasons, lol. The ignorance is crazy.

Nowhere in the story is it mentioned that ivermectin is actually a human drug used billions of times, and very affordable 

Even tho Carly’s a hoe and in debt I’m grateful she’s allowing me in her home since my dads wife has COVID (real ones know)

The (big) difference is vacccines for diseases like yellow fever etc have been around for decades, and tried and tested. Medical experts admit these Covid 19 vaccines are still a huge experiment! Come on now... #Unapologetic

B.C. is reporting 324 new cases of COVID-19, including four epi-linked cases, for a total of 216,012 cases in the province. There are 3,047 active cases of COVID-19 in the province. 

At midnight with Daisy - the UK urgently brings in travel restrictions to stop the spread of what scientists are describing as the worst Covid variant they've seen so far.

A Texas Thanksgiving Drinking Game: Take a shot whenever someone mentions voting for Trump, refers to Obama as the antichrist, brings up guns/shooting, or rambles about how they didn’t get the COVID vaccine, refuse to vaccinate their kids, or that the vaccine almost killed them.

Shame on Chik fil A. Opening on Thanksgiving. I did not see my 2 grandchildren in 2020 because of Covid. Now my 2 grandchildren who work for Chik Fil A who thought they were off, now have to work. Now I have to not celebrate another Thanksgiving without them.

Gosh Twitter full of individual teachers/academics buying HEPA filters to keep themselves and their students safer - pretty poor form by both education departments not to step up #hepa #COVID19 @NormaFoleyTD1 @SimonHarrisTD

LOOK: President Rodrigo Duterte said restaurants have the right to refuse the entry of unvaccinated individuals. #DailyTribune #Covid19 

So grateful to the scientists who developed mRNA vaccines and who applied it to create vaccines effective against the deadly SARS-CoV-2 (#Covid) virus. Also grateful to all those who manufacture, distribute &amp; administer it. 👐👐🏼👐🏾👐🏿👐🏻 #Thanksgiving2021

Media: @PeterHotez to @Acosta: "The thing you want to know is that guests coming to your house aren't shedding SARS-CoV-2 #coronavirus from their noses and mouths. The best way to be sure is for them to be triply vaccinated." And if they're unvaccinated, they need to be tested. 

New French COVID-19 infections surge over 30,000 in past 24 hours 

Well there r some family members who aren't vaccinated &amp; or not willing 2take a rapid #Covid19 test 4Thanksgiving so we r staying 🏡 My hubby &amp; I r both #immunocompromised just safer &amp; less drama. #cpp #spoonie 

WHO warns of 700,000 more Covid-19 deaths 

Latest from Nature on the new variant of concern. Heavily mutated coronavirus variant puts scientists on alert 

Had to get involved with the hospital last night. My aunt was in the ER all day with no food and she turned on her call light but nobody came. 2 hours later she called me. I called the charge nurse and handled it. Now they are spoiling her rotten She has Covid and was admitted

How many times did yalls aunt point out your covid weight gain? I’ve only gotten 1 comment so far.

Cabinet: "Belize is moving in the right direction" on COVID-19 

People don’t talk about the loss of Adam Schlessinger enough. So grateful for his music. We are listening to Mexican Wine driving back from dinner and scream singing along. Fuck covid. Get vaxxed. Wear masks. Sing loud. @AnnaKoppelman @AmyLKoppelman @SammyKoppelman

Three new deaths (Fraser-2, Interior-1) New cases up a bit - over 400 again Active cases holding just over 3000 Hospitalizations under 300, ICU about same LTC/Asst Lvg/Acute care outbreaks the same - 10 #bcpoli #covid19 @CityNewsVAN 

Michael Flynn claims 'global elites' plan new virus because 'COVID tyranny' didn't work .

In the news: Coronavirus: NYC families will get paid time off to have kids vaccinated - 

I don't think he's on here but Bruce Lochore, Pres of the NZ Motor Caravan Association is a TOP MAN. Twice now (last year and this year) he has sent out newsletters across the membership asking them all to consider &amp; respect the needs of our community in the face of covid. ❤️

Jacqui Lambie: Nobody should be forced to do anything, but freedom to choose cuts both ways | The New Daily 

Norfolk Doctor Filed Lawsuit Against Hospital on Ban of Life-Saving Ivermectin as Treatment for COVID-19 - Judge Denies Doctor's Request (VIDEO) 

”.

Electric Noise Vaccination - Will It Work? 

New Hampshire hospitals hopeful they'll be able to increase capacity as COVID-19 surges 

If forced vaccination doesn’t work, then what? 

COVID-19 reside updates: Vaccine effectiveness in opposition to hospitalization drops barely, CDC says 

Covid Australia NSW case numbers SPIKE up to 276 infections but only 31 people in intensive care 

Three Rivers Health District Covid 19 Vaccination Status 

Tell me why my manager thinks it’s ok to “hide” the fact that a staff member is at home on quarantine protocol being a primary contact of a COVID-positive person… these ppl is something else yes…

Pfizer Vaccine 100% Effective In Adolescents After 4 Months, Says Company 

New Research: Towards a Living Lab for Enhanced Thermal Comfort and Air Quality: Analyses of Standard Occupancy, Weather Extremes, and COVID-19 Pandemic 

LMAO. I'm watching South Park: Post COVID and they're taking shots at Bitcoin/crypto. Not sure why I find it so funny but I do.

Felt a little off and was worried I had covid but then my dad cured me with a cocktail with Chartreuse in it, so that's probably normal and fine.

Ottawa tables legislation to begin ‘last step’ of Canada’s COVID-19 support programs | CBC News 

Pfizer sues departing employee it says stole COVID-19 vaccine secrets Jonathan Stempel

Just like the truth about 911 is out there, so shall the Covid truth be out there. Dark always comes to light!

If the U.S. government co-owns the COVID vaccines they mandate (and involved in funding the creation of COVID-19 in Wuhan), then this has got to be one of the biggest crimes of the century.

Initially, #LongCovid was not known, took time to realize it existed. Here in AZ hard to get people to realize #COVID19 is serious. Those with mild cases minimize it, others don’t want to be inconvenienced by wearing a 😷, don’t believe it’s real 🤷🏼‍♀️ 

VAERS Data Reveals 50 X More Ectopic Pregnancies Following COVID Shots than Following ALL Vaccines for Past 30 Years Deaths to unborn babies following COVID-19 shots into pregnant women just gets worse the more we investigate it. Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) 

COVID-19 Update: The Health Minister @YvetteDath is speaking in Brisbane. #covid19 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

'General Hospital' Actor Fired After 30 Years for Refusing COVID-19 Vaccine 

Crisis in Slovenia: Whistleblower nurse says politicians receive saline instead of mRNA jab 

As a hunger crisis continues amid the COVID-19 pandemic, Catholic Charities Brooklyn and Queens has distributed more than 3,000 turkeys to families for Thanksgiving. 

SOUTH PARK POST COVID

Aaron Rodgers Is Dealing With ‘Covid Toe’ &amp; Fans Say It’s From ‘Sticking Your Foot In Your Mouth’ #SmartNews 

'A constellation of new mutations': Concern new Covid variant may have potential to evade immunity 

B.C. reports 424 new #COVID19 cases, including 93 in Interior Health. Hospitalizations drop below 300 to 295. more details to come @CFJC_Today. #Kamloops

Czech president back in hospital over positive Covid test | The Guardian Nigeria News 

MedWatch Daily Digest: A new theory about long COVID-19 symptoms — and more 

More crippling than the effects of #covid is the intellectual incompetence of the few. Who fail to appreciate their ilk is at risk.

The #pandemic has pushed millions of people to hunger and poverty but hunger and famines had already made a resurgence long before the outbreak of #COVID19. From @malancha_1chakr. 

Scrutiny of #Government over summer essential 

They can still fly to Mexico. No worries. 

It’s 4 pm and the covid vaccine/mask debate is in full force. God damnit

Virus expert Trevor Bedford on annual Covid boosters and the inevitable next pandemic 

Indiana business groups oppose legislation limiting COVID-19 vaccine policies – The Times of Northwest Indiana ChronLaw Legislative Law News at 

Negative Covid Test, KILLER bladder infection... #ICantWin! 😭😭😭😭

Malaysia health experts warn of possible fourth Covid-19 wave after Melaka elections 

The irony is hilarious: Western study with sample size of 3.7 million people suggests Sputnik V best Covid-19 vaccine for preventing deaths 

EXC: Gates Foundation Sent Over $54 Million To China Since COVID, Including To Wuhan Collaborators. 

.

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

Aljazeera: “Vaccines save lives, but they do not fully prevent transmission.” WHO warns that people are falling into a 'false sense of security' after COVID vaccination. 

Britain’s public body advising the NHS announced that people with mild depression in England should be offered therapy before medication. On our “Babbage” podcasts we explore the development of cognitive behavioural therapy by the late Aaron Beck 

Wait, so I'm on the side that has increased immunity to a deadly virus *and* I get to eat delicious ice cream? /selfhighfive "Chapman’s ice cream boycott backfires, COVID-19 vaccine policy wins brand extra support" 

How long before Vic stops even “recommending” follow up rapid antigen tests for kids in schools because the number of school based contacts is so large and they don’t have enough supply? I estimate two weeks maximum. They totally underestimated covid in schools.

If u drank water from the Brookhurst Park water fountain then you’re immune to Covid

The week ending November 21, a total of 45 people died within 28 days of a positive Covid test across Greater Manchester. Most of these deaths are so avoidable.. For your own life.. Wear a bloody mask. 😷😷😷 

The fear porn is back: 🤣🤣 I wonder if anyone unvaccinated will catch or die from this new strain of BS 

Can't settle screw you long covid mixed with PTSD

Emergency measures announced amid Covid school staffing crisis | 

EU regulator approves first COVID shot for 5- to 11-year-olds | Coronavirus pandemic News 

4 million COVID-19 vaccine doses are sitting in freezers. Why isn’t Ontario moving faster on boosters? - 

Dumb and Dumber! Seven doctors contract Covid after attending Florida anti-vaccine summit 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

Amish Covid-19 solutions', which seems to work, Herd Immunity. 

Covid-19: Six African countries added to NI travel red list 

Marketplacer’s Chief Alliance Office, John Mullins, in a recent piece for @BIT (Business IT), explains how putting yourself at the heart of a partner eco-system can be straightforward and position your brand for success in a post-Covid world.

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

covid 19: Why some are out to prove their pneumonia isn’t Covid | India News – Times of India 

Im waiting to see the Texas border wall of shipping containers will stop the 20.000 people caravan from entering our country, This time there killing anyone who trys to stop them, 4 Mexican police killed by them &amp; citizens, 50% have the covid fever &amp; most are very sick !!

Some Connecticut colleges and universities have seen an uptick in COVID-19 cases in recent weeks, publicly reported data shows, amid a broader increase in coronavirus transmission statewide. 

I am one new Covid-19 variant away from becoming a Doomsday Prepper.

Southern African countries put on UK travel red list over Covid variant 

COVID SURVEILLANCE ROBOTS START ROLLING OUT IN EUROPE! 

“Covid-19 transmission is higher in a dozen US states than it is now in Germany or Austria, or Denmark, yet the thought of locking down is...preposterous.” Fine, provided we note the cost in “extra” deaths. Rightly or wrongly, Oz chose differently. 

A heavily mutated covid variant in South Africa raises concern - Bergensia 

Everyone 6 months and older should get a flu vaccine every season. Flu vaccine can reduce flu illnesses, doctors’ visits, hospitalizations and has been shown to be life-saving. Learn more: 

JUST IN: Another 324 cases of COVID-19 have been recorded in British Columbia along with one additional death, health officials said Tuesday. 

The impact of ICU capacity on excess, non-COVID-19 caused, deaths. "use at 75% capacity is associated with an additional 12,000 excess deaths 2 weeks later. As hospitals exceed 100% ICU bed capacity, 80,000 excess deaths would be expected 2 weeks later." 

#TeamToronto helps first kids in Canada get vaccinated against #COVID19 News release: 

I wonder how many consider themselves to be something like suicide bombers, risking their own lives in order to damage society in a way that will discredit rulers they don't like. 

not something I expected to hear today. wear a mask and get the vaccine people, covid is still a nasty bitch 

“Michael Hiltzik: Texas court says you can’t force a hospital to give you ivermectin for COVID” from @hiltzikm for @latimes 

Dr Mafa Lokega ⁦@lokega⁩ spearheaded the Western PHECC in collaboration with other emergency services as part of FIJ’s COVID 19 response. Join her for Q&amp;A as she leads as a moderator in this year’s FIJI EMERGENCY NURSING SYMPOSIUM! 

READ MY NEW OP-ED: IRREVERSIBLE – Many Effects Of COVID19 Are Permanent Evidence shows that COVID19 may cause extreme damage to the brain, kidneys, lungs, liver, heart, &amp; can cause amputations from blood clots, onset diabetes,&amp; erectile dysfunction. 

No mention of the jab of course but they do mention it could be covid related. Considering covid has been around for 2 years and the jab for a few months it would make sense to question the jab right? 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

Myanmar cuts deal with biggest investor - Protesters take part in a torch demonstration against the military coup in Yangon on November 18, 2021. AFP PHOTO YANGON: A Myanmar... - 

Companies are telling unvaccinated workers to pay more for health insurance 

DONALD TRUMP DISBANDED THE PANDEMIC RESPONSE TEAM IN 2018 - REMOVED THE CDC OBSERVERS FROM CHINA IN JULY BEFORE THE NOV. COVID OUTBREAK ALLOWING COVID TO BE RELEASED ON THE ENTIRE WORLD KILLING 776,000 AMERICANS - OVER 5MILLION DEAD WORLDWIDE - BANKRUPTING MILLIONS OF BUSINESSES

Got my covid booster at a grocery store and I must say, there's something about getting vaccinated while eating fruit loops from the box that just doesn't translate well into words.

Covid Australia NSW case numbers SPIKE up to 276 infections but only 31 people in intensive care 

"I'm usually scared of needles," he said. "I'm not really scared of this one." ❤️ Guelph administers first COVID-19 vaccines to children under 12 

: After ‘workers left in the dark,’ Amazon warehouse COVID-19 case notifications to be monitored by California AG 

As I prepare to speak before the @PCCS_Official board &amp; leaders again, the newest data on #COVID rates in my local area, and other #waynecountyMI communities, are pretty shocking. We are back to levels not seen since April: 

The Minister of State, Budget and National Planning, Mr Clem Agba, said the federal government had spent N2.3 trillion as stimulus package to cushion the effect of COVID-19 pandemic in the country. Agba said this at a three-day 4th National Treasury 

My momma gave me covid the first time now she talmbout she can’t taste nothing smh

BREAKING: Aaron Rodgers diagnosed with severe case of toelio 

Regardless of your thoughts on the covid response, I think we can all agree that passing any legislation, let alone one that restricts movements and activities for certain groups under all stages urgency is simply unacceptable. We've had a long time to prep for this.

We’ve had to withdraw from the @scleague_net Cup this coming Sunday as one of our players has fallen ill with #COVID. Get well soon Matte 💪

“My view of medicine has been completely shattered. And I will never be able to unsee it,” said one health-care worker. @edyong209 reports on the health-care workers with long COVID who had to face the ways their profession’s power can be wielded. 

Although our shop closed due to lock down currently, we still remain mobile service. In order to make sure everyone safe during this time, we promise that all auto glass services we offer are contactless. 

The region's two largest #school boards will reopen their schools to community use early next month. #COVID19 

“The B1.1.529 variant has a ‘very unusual constellation of mutations,’ with more than 30 mutations in the spike protein alone, said Mr. de Oliveira. On the ACE2 receptor — the protein that helps to create an entry point for the cor…

Liberals introduce new bill with $7.4B in pandemic aid for businesses, workers 

Yes people, right on time. The WHO announces a new deadlier and more transmissible covid Named "Nu" So all the Pfizer vaccines are totally useless for this one apparently.

WHO warns about unintended effect of vaccines — RT World News 

Just In: FDA Panel Rejects Pfizer Booster Shot for Ages 16-65 Over Increased Risk of Heart Inflammation 

One of the largest employers in Florida no longer requires its workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19. Disney dropped its mandate Friday. 

Aaron Rodgers denies having COVID toe after claiming to have had it 

Countries are back to banning flights over Covid-19! 20 months later, we're back to square one! None of the "experts" were honest or sincere about fighting this pandemic from Day 1. 😡 

First time at a #Caps game since before Covid. #LetsGoCaps #RockTheRed @Capitals 

The latest The Med Time News ! 

New COVID variant: "This is the most concerning variant I've seen since the beginning of the pandemic," Prof Ravi Gupta (@GuptaR_lab) tells @ITVNews this evening. 

Remember when every #covidDeath was treated like Trump caused it @MayorLeirion? Now more people have died in 2021 under the #Democrats with the mask mandates like #LNK #JoeBiden 

Marion County Public Schools given $127 million in COVID-19 relief funds, seeking community feedback 

Putin supported Golikova’s idea to extend the certificate for COVID-19 patients 

Cuomo team talked lowballing COVID-19 nursing home deaths 

Right about where Trump had it, before covid. Biden ain't did anything, except....bungled Afghanistan, the border, energy, inflation., etc.

When hear hear someone you know is very sick with Covid then you find out they were a anti-vaxer, what are your thoughts?

Felony Crimes End Pharma Immunity: US Criminal Conspiracy Strikes Root Of Covid Nightmare 

Republicans Fight Covid Mandates, Then Blame Biden as Cases Rise 

You see, the big problem with covid-19, it's like the invisible man with no clothes on... 

Aaron Rodgers is denying that he has Covid toe &amp; now says it's broken.

New covid varient#B11529 need to rethink boarder!

Attempting to swallow a live rattlesnake head first will cure Covid and keep you from ever contracting it in the first place. 100% of the time. REPUBLICANS, please do not attempt this at home.

Why does the UKHSA recommend vaccines for children who had covid? Why do they ignore the 'science' that has proven natural immunity is greater than that gained from vaccines? It is time anti-corruption police examined some public officials bank accounts! 

Fuck COVID !! Ong that shit be ruining everything

The American siege on #Yemen and the ban on medicines from entering continues despite the precautions the world is experiencing due to the Covid-19 pandemic crisis #USAKillsAndBesiegesYemeniPeople #امريكا_تقتل_وتحاصر_الشعب_اليمني 

🗽⭐️#MILESGUO ⭐️#GETTR⭐️🕊 11/25/2021 Miles Guo’s GETTR: Don't give your kids COVID jabs. There have been more and more cases of dropping dead, falling, and car accidents due to the COVID vaccines. Artemisinin is the antidote and has saved many ～👀👇 

My heart is heavy; beyond the global/political threats, I keep thinking of the 8YO killed in Wisconsin; all the Covid orphans; the 22 YO girl from the UK who tweeted about her suicide and is no more; the friend w/2 young kids, whose 56 YO husband was dx with AD. How do I help?😔

just read new Verint of covid scientist describing it as horrific here we go again

Nobody wants to see rodgers’ nasty foot. Dirty hippie. 🤢 QB Rodgers says he has fracture, not 'COVID toe' - via @ESPN App 

#BryanAdams tests positive for #COVID twice in less than 30 days 

18 cases of COVID-19 in Teslin, Yukon, with new exposure notices at local school 

Week 12 Guests Takeaway: @GLIS_739 #glis739 Because of Covid, a lot of libraries are buying e-materials (e-books, e-audiobooks, and e-DVD). The NYPL, after 2008, started to do things differently where branches will have a budget each year and they will use that to buy stuff.

While I don’t pin much on karma, I did have to pause when I saw the Covid Toe article.

Germany COVID-19 death toll passes 100,000 as fourth wave rages 

FDA report finds all-cause mortality higher among vaccinated 

Today We stand at more than 7.76 Bn doses inoculated across Globe...More than 10 Bn doses in pipeline for next 6 months... 55% population of World has recieved single dose with more than 43% fully vaccinated against #Covid19!!! Take Jab &amp; protect yourself/family/nation!!! 

Families Struggle With How to Hold 2nd Pandemic Thanksgiving 

Live: Latest Covid numbers follow new vax mandates 

#AUSTRIA - Insider LEAK: STATE OF EMERGENCY is to be declared – COMPULSORY VACCINATION from 1 January 2022 

“Oy vey, stop comparing Covid too the Shoah goyim. You know nothing about persecution.” 

📣BOOKING PFIZER 1ST DOSES 💉 FOR KIDS 5 TO 11 📣 🗓️Saturday, November 27 &amp; Sunday, November 28 from 9:30AM - 4:30PM 📍SHN - Centenary hospital (2867 Ellesmere Rd) 👉🏽By appointment at 

11:59 PM temp 6.1c,max 7.3c,min 3.7c,Dewpoint 2.1c,Avg wind speed 15.8kmh,SW,max gust 38.9 kmh,Rain since midnight 0.0mm,Rain this month so far 13.8 mm-Please research public health advice to help stop Covid19

After covid I keep wondering when the next big calamity will hit and how much of humanity it will wipe off

It has mutations that are likely to evade the immune response generated both by prior infection and vaccination, and also mutations associated with increased infectivity. Was @GVDBossche right? 

US hospitals prepare for influx of Covid patients as millions travel for Thanksgiving 

An excellent editorial cartoon worth re-upping today: 

“COVID-19 woes, inflation and the indecorous U.S. exit from Afghanistan took their toll.” @harperbulletin #InsideTheBeltway 

China's seven-week Covid-19 port quarantine snarls supply chains further 

AwesomeCapital: Pfizer's COVID-19 Franchise Could Push Revenue Pas... 

did you overhear that Victoria records 19 deaths and 827 new COVID-19 cases as SA border opens

Umm... But this guy needs to take into consideration the fact hundreds of thousands of NHS staff were treating patients with Covid for the whole of 2020 with no vaccine! #Unapologetic

When a high-profile person dies of #covid, is it an element of responsible reporting to dig out and disclose their vaxx status?

The new South Seattle Vaccination Clinic will operate most Tuesdays and Thursdays from 12 p.m. to 7 p.m. The clinic will administer first, second, and booster doses of Pfizer or Moderna vaccines. 

Continued facts on immunizations..Symptoms will be much harsher especially with the high risk group. Plus you can and most likely will get covid more than once. Chances of permanent damage to you body such as organs, lungs or loss of taste or smell, permanently!

Covid birthday candle ftw! 

The Biden administration asked a federal court to let it move ahead with a workplace rule that would require employees at larger companies to be vaccinated against COVID-19 or face weekly testing. 

Do you see it yet? #socialcredit #COVID19 #AI #Agenda21 Headup Systems - 

Steve Burton fired from 'General Hospital' for refusal to get COVID-19 vaccine 

WHO Europe warns of possible surge in COVID deaths ahead - ABC News - 

In order to be considered fully vaccinated by the deadline, students should receive the second dose of Moderna or Pfizer, or a single dose of Johnson &amp; Johnson by January 4, 2022. 

Why are so many people in public spaces not wearing masks why why why like for example the dude who gave me my moderna booster. Why why WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY. Wear a goddamned mask

After a covid filled 2 years…. The #buffaloturkeytrot is back for all!! #Tradition #ThanksgivingDay #gobblegobble🦃 

As vaccination efforts falter, the U.S. must get serious about Covid-19 testing and reporting 

Hotels rent rooms as workplaces to recover COVID losses 

B.C. reports 424 more COVID-19 cases Thursday, 3 deaths 

Soaring gas prices, not COVID, may be the reason many stay home for Thanksgiving this year 

Victoria records 1,196 new Covid cases and three deaths as the 90 percent vaccination milestone approaches 

If COVID Fatalities Were 90.2% Lower, How Would You Feel About Schools Reopening? 

Despite Nova having two negative Covid test, and just received the vaccine. She was still exposed to someone at school - the state has to follow up and ask if we need anything. Which is random but nice.

Prior to this pandemic, science est. herd immunity at 70%. Like all pre-COVID-1 science, redefined at 90%. 70% is penetration of jabs. Doesn’t count natural immunity. If vaccines work, why are deaths higher in 2021 than 2020? Could the vaccines be prolonging the pandemic?

What if the boosters are just updates to the mRNA operating system that Moderna talked about? What if one of the boosters is 'Dark Winter'?

Pres­i­dent Biden may not re­call what he said dur­ing a 2020 cam­paign de­bate last fall, but Amer­i­cans should: “Any­one who is re­spon­si­ble for that many deaths should not re­main as Pres­i­dent of the United States of America.” 

JUST IN: British Columbia reported another 424 new cases of COVID-19 on Thursday, along with three additional deaths. 

Who should get a booster shot? Pittsburgh infectious disease doctor answers 

Seven doctors contract Covid after attending Florida anti-vaccine summit - The Guardian Idiots 

Quarantine Day 2 - Missing Thanksgiving with family at least I have the Cats to keep me company, but I'm making them distance too just to be safe. Missing hanging out with my son but quarantining separate until we know if he has Covid too 💙

is Douchebag Brain a symptom of covid? #AskingForAPackersQB

Live: Today's Covid cases, more traffic light system details 

Got the Moderna booster! today

That new covid strain in Europe putting in work

Just got home from getting my third COVID vaccine. I got my cup a noodle, Hot Cheetos and chocolates ready to watch the new Hawkeye!

Since covid sales have been shit because website are still selling off their old stock

Victoria scraps travel permit system. 1362 new cases, over 10,000 active cases. HCW's &amp; hospitals under strain. New variant warning released. The hashtag #IStandWithDan crew must surely be feeling a little stupid this morning. 

Please read this early issue of The Tide for the latest news from Town Hall featuring COVID data, curbside leaf collection, holiday events and much more. 

mid covid w dog 

B.C. reports 424 more COVID-19 cases Thursday, 3 deaths 

Global licence deal to provide COVID antibody test tech free to poorer countries - WHO. 

I live by a lake at both locations Arkansas water is up no drought Utah the drought is on so water is down covid19 up Arkansas down its not rocket science i fly south for the winter. Hence destin i am 20 pounds from hitting my goal of 102. 

Honestly early retirement or taking all that vacation you never took is a great option if possible. Cause covid here to stay

Arizona Attorney General Mark Brnovich asks a reporter if he has an STD after being asked about vaccination status. Mr Brnovich is taking legal action against US Gov against mandates. 

Steve Burton Fired From 'General Hospital' Over COVID Vaccine Mandate - Variety 

I’ve been sick for 4 days. But no Covid because I’ve been tested every other day. It’s due to no rest. Self-Care is important guys!

I've been giving myself a Swab Test for Covid every week before visits for mohs skin cancer procedures. The swab is way less painful than the surgery. 

LTO firm on license renewal policy - "It should not result in additional expense or inconvenience," LTO Chief Assistant Secretary Edgar Galvante said, following... - 

Pfizer sues departing employee it says stole COVID-19 vaccine secrets 

The fact that in 3 weeks, people may not be allowed to go out to eat or allowed to go to the movies or allowed to go to the gym because they chose not to get a vaccination is wrong. It is beyond wrong and it fucking terrifies me. @markpoloncarz YOU are wrong.

#COVIDー19 #Coronavirus# Lockdown Best way to beat lockdown. Improve your math skills! Free online #math #tutoring at 

Going to need your expertise and insights on this, @ojembaenweilo85 

Update to Perinatal-Neonatal Management of COVID-19 Guidelines #NeoPapers #neoTwitter 

File away ‘Covid Toes’ for next year’s fantasy football team name

Got "boosted" this afternoon. Took 6 minutes. The Price Chopper on Vivion Road is accepting walk ins daily if you want a quick, hassle free, alternative. #COVID19

We are protect our self from covid 19 and terrorist attacks in our zone. 

Other states are using the latest COVID federal relief package to help fight the pandemic. The SD Department of Health says it already has federal funding + isn't requesting any more from this package. Lawmakers will ultimately decide how to spend the $. 

Idaho is reporting 305,133 total cases of #IdahoCovid19 (including 570 new) and 3,891 deaths to date (8 new), reported to the state since yesterday). Details at 

Congrats to my dear relative Chris Schueler on being inducted into the Emmys Silver Circle for 25 years of service to the TV industry! You can stream his timely and compelling new documentary “Vaccination from the Misinformation Virus” on PBS now! ❤️🎉 

Covid tracker #covidtracker @ Dunshaughlin 

No press anywhere else in the world on this, so lets keep the panic up Australia 

Thrilled that ⁦@BlackCatDC⁩ is requiring proof of vaccination or of a negative PCR test within 48 hours. Looking forward to dancing safely to ⁦@dj_lile⁩ Saturday night! #80smusic #alternative80s 

COVID or the flu . That is the question. No one in this WH and the idiot puppet master Fauci does not want anyone to enjoy Thanksgiving or Christmas. Time to give the finger to the elites who hate and lie about America. Fauci even said today. We may modify fully vaxed meaning.

Aaron Rodgers denies having COVID toe after claiming to have had it 

It's a tragedy, as this report shows 

B.C. reports 424 more COVID-19 cases Thursday, 3 deaths 

IFFI 52 - Unbalanced | One Man’s Intellectual Quest to Create Utopia Amidst the COVID-19 Crisis - 

i feel so lucky that i got the covid vaccine booster yesterday and i’m glad i could make myself and others safer but i sure feel like shit today. ibuprofen why are you useless

“No side effects” to COVID Vaccine Say First Post Lockdown Pubgoers - Like it? Retweet it! 

Study examines immune responses in patients with kidney failure after receiving different COVID-19 vaccines 

RT @AMSANTaus: Indigenous health workers who are positive for Covid criticize online “lunatics”… 

Canada's mask guidance has changed. Here's why you might need an upgrade | CBC News 

Want to work at Workcare? We're hiring in Los Angeles, CA! Click for details: 

Mexico adds more than 300 confirmed COVID-19 deaths -health ministry 

Michael Flynn claims 'global elites' plan new virus because 'COVID tyranny' didn't work 

Never seen in Ofsted report: ‘The support given by teaching and non-teaching staff to the emotional wellbeing and academic progress of the children is outstanding and has ensured that the impact of Covid has been minimal. They are ready for the challenge of an uncertain future.’

Going on Azar without @linda_covid or @lovethemole69 isn’t the one 🤧😒

Black Friday COVID-19 restrictions: How to keep you and other shoppers safe 

Gov. @LauraKellyKS, a Democrat, intends to sign a bill that will force #Kansas businesses that require #Vaccines against #COVID19 to give broad exceptions to workers who don’t want a jab. 

we went to see @thejasonbyrne tonight, never thought I'd get a laugh from shouting chip paper at a bunch of pissed reporters from the chronicle but it happened! First live gig since covid..LOVED IT

The current pandemic continues to impact the fortunes of each @aleaguemen club 😔 But no two clubs have felt it more than @PerthGloryFC and @WgtnPhoenixFC, and ahead of a tricky schedule, they must show character in the face of adversity 💪 #FPFootball 

we spent almost 2 years after the Covid-19 pandemic began here being governed (to use a word that now sounds far too polite) by a man who, like his supporters &amp; like various Republican governors today, was ready to slaughter Americans in staggering numbers 

11:59 PM temp 3.9c,max 9.5c,min 1.8c,Dewpoint 0.1c,Avg wind speed 5.6kmh,NW,max gust 18.5 kmh,Rain since midnight 0.0mm,Rain this month so far 13.6 mm-Please research public health advice to help stop Covid19

Tested positive for herpes, crabs and VD. But 100% Covid free! #MaskUp #GetVaccinated

Estimated number of deaths directly averted in people 60 years and older as a result of COVID-19 vaccination in the WHO European Region, December 2020 to November 2021 

I've been looking for the town ,country ,city ,river or lake called Covid ,because that's usually how they name viruses. Science has usually named them for where they originated from ,but that wasn't convenient for China.

Welsh regions scramble to leave South Africa before even playing a match as season plunged into chaos amid dramatic Covid development 

Meltzer on Glenn Jacobs being a total piece of shit that endangers people Will always criticise Meltzer for his open bias and modern-day laziness as a reporter &amp; not developing new sources but how uncompromising he is about COVID has my admiration 

Japan is closing in on zero cases despite never having mandated anything or had any compulsory lockdown. I even saw a couple of normal people on the subway not wearing masks today, which is (socially) brave but not unreasonable, risk is now ≈ zero. #COVID19 #COVID19Japan #Japan 

Western researchers use phone data to trace Ontarians' movement during COVID lockdowns 

Crisis in Slovenia: Whistleblower nurse says politicians receive saline instead of mRNA jab 

no because if you think u have covid why would u come in here without a fucking mask

#Hate to see it, but when you're #right, you're right. The Prime Minister Prime Minister The PM Keir Starmer Shamima Begum Moderna The NHS #Covid_19 #PMQs #politicslive Insulate Britain #WorldPrematurityDay 

after his sister catching covid twice during school, liam wanted to get vaccinated asap and he got his first shot today!! ♥ 

An Idea Whose Time Has Come: Oroville, CA City Council Votes to Declare the City 'COVID Independent' – RedState 

In a letter to staff, Hamilton Health Science's president warned staff that a COVID vaccination deadline is just days away. As of Thursday, there are still hundreds facing termination. 

COVID has descended upon our house due to anti-vaxxers. I JUST about had the one hold out in my house convinced and then he went home to see his anti-vaccine fam and he got COVID from them. *sigh* #HappyThanksgiving

About the travel to Australia news. Yes, for the time being only holders of japanese passports are allowed. Others still have to wait... 

Families reuniting for Thanksgiving after many painful months of seclusion because of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Sudbury MPP demands Ford government reverse decision on COVID testing at pharmacies 

Coronavirus Death Toll Under Joe Biden Expected to Surpass Trump 

👋@POTUS @BorisJohnson @JustinTrudeau @RegSprecher @Palazzo_Chigi @EmmanuelMacron @pfizer @moderna_tx @BioNTech_Group @AstraZeneca: We can’t vaccinate the world by mid 2022 unless countries and companies come clean on key vaccine data. We need transparency now.

“We are extremely grateful to Cornwall Community Foundation for awarding us a grant of £5000 from their Emergency Fund. Due to Covid restrictions, we have been unable to fundraise in our usual ways, Thread below …. @Cornwall_CF 

UPDATE: The Detroit #RedWings have placed defenseman Danny DeKeyser in the NHL's COVID-19 protocol.

My cat preparing for his vaccination tomorrow. He can't wait for Novocats. 

Man get this bts thing off my tl, i'd rather have covid again than seeing this shit

Fears over “worst ever” Covid variant as UK bans flights from southern Africa – BBC News 

Yey! Fully-vaccinated na mga tao sa bahay except the baby. My mom and I got Sinovac. Both felt sleepy after the jab. My father got Jannsen. No apparent side effect. My brother got AstraZeneca. Body and headache. My sin-in-law got Moderna. Headache.

Southern Africa has set a red flag for UK travel on Covid 

B.C. reports 324 new cases of COVID-19, 36 in Island Health 

Watch live: Chris Hipkins, Ashley Bloomfield provide Covid-19 update 

I love math. I studied this summer w phycology and medical. And #TRUE ENERGY aligned with psychology and oncology I learnt w my dad 5 cancers. And pa with tongue cancer and then mom stomach from shit energy exchanges. And the covid get a shot or control 

B.C. reports 322 new COVID-19 cases, nine deaths 

Growth in 7D US Confirmed Covid Deaths by County For AK 2021-11-18: More Covid insights from our analytics team and USAFacts #datavisualization #datascience #analytics #health #data #covid19 #coronavirus #covid_19 

💉💉Data here from the @ECDC_EU shows us that the higher the vaccination rate, the lower the death rate. #COVID19 vaccines will protect you from serious illness. Vaccines are safe and effective #VaccinesWork #ForUsAll 

😷🚨Antigen tests should only be used by those who are asymptomatic 😷🚨If you have symptoms of COVID-19, do not use an antigen test. Self-isolate and get a PCR test. 

Post Edited: Jets to start QB Zach Wilson, Joe Flacco &amp; Mike White land on COVID-19 list 

Vaccination works! Thank me later! #vaccination #vaccinated #COVID19 

Thousands rally against coronavirus measures in Croatia | AFP 

So who all did aligners in covid

COVID-19: Another 324 new cases recorded in B.C. along with one death | 

Those twins named Corona and Covid are almost 2 now…

You left out the fact those in intensive care from covid tend to be the obese or the elderly, the vast majority of the unvaccinated don’t have side effects fake news MSM

New COVID-19 variant detected in South Africa raising concern 

Just lost someone to covid, I can't win anymore

COVID-19: Second Star From Popular TV Show Ousted For Refusing To Get Vaccine #NewsBreak 

All propaganda to sell the false Covid Narrative, and to coerce, bribe &amp; threaten everyone to take an unsafe &amp; ineffective, and sometimes fatal vaccine. UNITE, DEFY &amp; RESIST 

A cabinet min told me in July migrant crossings was issue they worried about the most - above Covid/inflation. Has real political cut thru &amp; so difficult to resolve. They were right to worry in light of this tragic loss of life. Paris/London now under acute pressure to do more

The Oregon Health Authority says that masks are no longer required at large public gatherings. 

Just rolled into my city, haven’t even been home yet, and I am waiting for my covid booster shot. It’s also very nice to be back in a city that has a mask mandate

This weekend has an air of “never go back” about it. First did Norwich away in 2017. Midweek, we were flying and won comfortably, took afternoon and morning off, great sesh with the old man. This feels like a banana skin. Old man just pulled out with Covid. Dean Smith. Unsure..

I was wondering why I’ve decided I’m ready to stare my sister down this visit (I usually hide and one time left because of COVID risk) then I remembered Mars is in domicile in my 1H, trine my Mars (and hers) lol.

I keep wonderin if covid didnt happen and i kept my internship how different would i be

This Thanksgiving Eve, I am grateful: My sister &amp; family survived COVID's attack in September. My brother &amp; nieces are recovering from COVID without much ado. That our sister &amp; family were able to visit in July. I was able to see 3 oldest nieces graduation 8th grade in person.

Got my booster shot. I got their last one for today and until the next arrival of Booster Shots. #boostershotpfizer #boostershot #AstraZeneca

Today Rumble — Scientists have been examining the nasal swabs that get shoved up your kids' nose at school all day, and the results will shake your soul. 

Welsh regions scramble to leave South Africa before even playing a match as season plunged into chaos amid dramatic Covid development 

A new report shows the toll the pandemic has taken on retail workers, revealing a majority experienced more abuse &amp; job insecurity during #COVID19. Some groups of workers faced more hostility than others, #ANUExpert @AriadneVromen tells @sparkes_david. 

🎶meet me under the Covid toe🎶

Pfizer Vaccine 100% Effective In Adolescents After 4 Months, Says Company 

Tested positive for covid. Tomorrow is thanksgiving. Not being able to see my family and stuff my fucking face is really upsetting.

picking up Kagan after his booster shot I can suck the vaccine out of his arm and swallow like a covid-fearing Dracula

I cried at my covid test today and the nurse said “exit the way you came in.”

UK raises alarm over new Covid variant which could beat vaccines 

One of our scholars children did not have a way of doing her schoolwork at home while covid is forcing school closures,our scholars clubbed together with us &amp; bought her a new tablet and whiteboard,this makes me so proud of my guild members,&amp; its why we work so hard Ace Axies.❤️ 

Femicide rates on the rise amid COVID-19 pandemic: Canadian researcher 

6 week old Maisley Maxwell from #Wisconsin developed respiratory failure from COVID pneumonia complicated by a collapsed lung requiring a chest tube. Despite a ventilator she remained hypoxic, until she was placed on ECMO #TheySurvivedCovid 

Biden’s policy’s are a disaster. His infrastructure, green new deal and Covid mandates are a direct target at the middle class. Tax Tax Tax, can everyone else see the same thing?

Military Has Begun Sending COVID Suspects In AU To Camps, RIOTS Erupt In... 

"So many people don't die or they will die because they were going to die anyway." - PiS MP about the current Covid-19 situation in Poland

University of Otago's Emeritus Professor Warren Tate says he is aware of serious reactions triggered by the Pfizer vaccine in several people who have the condition. #CdnPoli #NoMandates #vaccine #covid19 

In late 2019, early 2020, folks on Twitter who paid attention were aware that we were looking at the possibility of a pandemic. So if we are talking about a new and improved Covid, that might render our testing and vaccines moot, I'm definitely paying attention.

We’ve heard ’em all. @healthcentral took some of the most popular urban legends about the #COVID19Vaccine to their resident infectious disease expert for the bottom line. 

Right the covid deaths are 150.000 at March. 32 people drowned in a dingy because we wouldn't help them. We could effectively take that amount of refugees without it effecting our infrastructure. Know your enemy by thinking like your enemy. Rest in peace all those people. Tories

#Tokyo November #CPI +0.5% yoy vs +0.1% prior, #Core CPI +0.3%, slightly lower than expected. #USDJPY trading lower to 115.10 in early Tokyo on the back of risk-off move after a report of new #COVID19 variant detected in South Africa.

Stunned friends warn against complacency after Covid death 

Teslin, with a population of just under 500 people, now has the most active cases of any rural Yukon community. 

Vintage Cuckoo Clock, German Black Forest Chalet Cuckoo Clock, HUBERT HERR Wooden Wall Clock, Musical Cuckoo Clock Wall Decor, Germany, 50s 

I’m glad I got covid already can’t no virus kill me

European States Extend Boosters, Tighten Restrictions Amid COVID Outbreak | Coronavirus pandemic News 

the gender neutral urge to get my covid booster

New coronavirus variant discovered in South Africa via ⁦@nytimes⁩ 

NOT thankful for covid, fck that mf 

"There is a 29X increase in the rate of stillborn babies in Waterloo, Ontario that started after vaccination program rolled out. All the mothers of the stillborn babies were vaccinated." 

Tragedy as YHA becomes a victim of covid. "Unfortunately, the Covid 19 pandemic has just gone on too long for us to be able to ride it out. Today is a sad day for tourism in New Zealand." 

Thanksgiving eve- everyone doing home COVID tests!!!

If you're excited for the best Rocket League event of the year... CHECK OUT THE LAN OF 10K LAKES EVENT GUIDE (link in reply) Get all the info about the event such as 🏎️ Parking 😷 COVID policy 🥅 Match schedule 🏆 Event sponsors and basic tips for Players and Guests!!

Not the Spider-Man ps4 game predicting Covid-19.

Donald Trump hosting $1k per person Mar-a-Lago fundraiser for Florida candidate .

Does nobody ever tie the back of their iso gown? 

Fuck dat we liming also never meant be reckless and endanger your life and other ppls lives. We never said fuck covid. We said fuck dat we liming. Cz we fed up be inside. 

People blaming Biden for the price of gas at the pump don't realize that during COVID shutdown Oil went to a NEGATIVE price 

PM launches foundation to help kids impacted by Covid-19 with schooling 

Until we know more about B.1.1.529 it would be wise to take every possible precaution, writes Sky's science correspondent @SkyNewsThomas 

Victoria records 1,196 new Covid cases and three deaths as the 90 percent vaccination milestone approaches 

I wonder- what kind of beast are we creating :( 

British scientists warn of 'horrific' new COVID-19 variant; only 10 cases so far | Montreal Gazette 

Gee thanks for this one Boris 👍🏻 Cool move. All the other politicians in the playground will think you’re great. Coronavirus variant fear sparks Africa travel curbs - BBC News 

So another of my cousins has covid. He’s in PA. Really hoping for the best for him. He claims he isn’t having any trouble breathing so far.

I have an appointment for a covid booster!!

When Johnson was Mayor he used taxpayers money &amp; offered to be Arcuri's “throttle” in an attempt to accelerate her business career. During covid the Government used taxpayers money for their own polling, the firm they used was Public First, friends of Cummings, Gove &amp; Johnson. 

The governor of Kansas has said she intends to sign a measure that will force businesses that require COVID-19 vaccination to give broad exceptions to workers who don’t want to get the vaccine.

.@AmnestyUK accused of ‘spreading false information’ about Northern Territory Covid outbreak @IndigenousX 

So the pediatric Covid 19 Vaccine for ages 5-11 Pfizer can be booked in Alberta as of Tomorrow Morning for appointments starting Friday. Doses 8 weeks apart. That being said this age group will NOT be included in the Covid restrictions and exemptions programs in Alberta.

Sinn Féin councillors did not declare community group links during £2m Covid funding process 

Kiwi life and health insurers have some big decisions to make about how they plan to cover those who choose not to get vaccinated against Covid-19. 🧑‍⚕️ 

Atlas: The Nation’s ‘Top Scientists’ Lied About COVID And Got Away With It 

Good for him...he should mail the letter to the mayor now! Los Angeles firefighter accused of wiping butt with COVID non-compliance letter 

BBC News: Covid: New heavily mutated variant B.1.1.529 in South Africa raises concern. 

LET THE Covid Debacle END NOW! Judge Ends Masks

AUSTRALIAN COVID QUARANTINE CAMPS | ARMY REMOVING INFECTED. Happening now in @clubhouse! 

Double #Vaccination status required for #Community sport at HILAC 

Is Delta the last Covid ‘super variant’? Worth the read, not clickbait. 

Maine CDC investigating COVID-19 outbreak at Brunswick assisted living facility #Mandates And all are vaccinated….. 

After being pulled last year due to COVID-19, the Yuletide Giving Machines are being placed in two Utah cities and eight others across the nation. 

In the news: Vermont rolling out new, faster LAMP coronavirus tests - WCAX 

FAUCI: we really do have a problem ... In 2019 Fauci apparently still struggled with how to put his former postdoc's patent to good use. 2019 Universal Flu Vaccine Summit Milken Institute Covid-19 Restrictions Passports Lockdowns Curfews 

Do Breakthrough Infections Mean the COVID-19 Vaccine Doesn't Work? @ClevelandClinic @CleClinicMD @CleClinicLungs 

BREAKING UPDATE: Gov. Ige (@GovHawaii) allows counties to make own pandemic emergency rules; Blangiardi (@MayorRickHNL) to lift restaurant social-distance rule 

BREAKING NEWS- I'm not going to lie- this new #coronavirus variant could be our worst nightmares come true- but let's just pray it can be contained ! 🙏🙁

Just got my pre travel covid test done and NEVER AGAIN. 🙅🏻‍♀️ 

Queensland, Australia Covid Business Restrictions Revoked 

Feeling pretty tired after getting my covid booster and my flu shot today, so we're postponing the start of Halo 4 until tomorrow. See you then!

OMG I’m going to see my family in a few hours. I’m practically in tears already. How good are vaccines? #COVID19 

Of course she hasn’t. Scared Covid: No extension to Scottish vaccine passport scheme 

Will the COVID-19 Vaccine Harm My Fertility? @ClevelandClinic @CleClinicMD @CleClinicLungs 

RTE news : Pfizer jab efficacy wanes 3 months after second dose 

I‘m getting my third dose of the Covid vaccine today 🎉

Hi @eu_commission @francediplo_en @bmz_bund @CanadaDev @g20org COVID-19 means 75M children living in conflict and crisis are doubly at risk of missing out on an education. Will you support @EduCannotWait to help all kids #ReturnToLearn? #GlobalCitizen

#COVIDRahat vaccination facilitation drive in #Praygraj by Mijwan Welfare Society team Supported by @hoh_inc 

JUST IN: Another 324 cases of COVID-19 have been recorded in British Columbia along with one additional death, health officials said Tuesday. 

Surging numbers of coronavirus infections in Europe have prompted US officials to advise citizens against traveling to Germany or Denmark. 

The winners and losers from a year of ranking COVID resilience 

Musician, 40, suffered brain haemorrhage ‘induced AstraZeneca Covid vaccine’, inquest hears 

Question for UK ICM colleagues. Have you updated your dept's COVID RSI checklists in light of the AERATOR group's AGP study findings? or have you gone back to usual RSI checklist for all pts? looking to update ours, which currently has the "AGP prevention" measures e.g. no BMV

?

The week of the 15th to the 21st of November, 1/6th of the population are said to have covid symptoms (which overlap a lot with influenza symptoms) we have been testing 28-30,000 tests a day for covid, about 200,000 samples and about 31,000 came back positive. My question: 1/n

tw sh i just got my covid booster and i forgot about the wounds down my arms fuck

I would not recommend being t-boned right before the holidays and during Covid

Need that video where Biden says “if you are vaccinated you won’t catch Covid”. Anyone got it on hand? It’s for my sister FB.

COVID-19 vaccine eligibility for kids 5-11 by province and territory 

Here's an idea... all businesses stop blindly following mandates, which aren't legally binding; business licenses said nothing about covid. If the majority of businesses did this, the mandates would end. This is a scam to get the proverbial masses to police each other. #Reality

JPMORGAN: Recent increases in new Covid infections “tend to be larger in economies with higher vaccination rates .. Waning immunity is one factor .. as well as vagaries in the timing of outbreaks. Booster shots will help mute the latest outbreak even if they cannot prevent it.” 

Seeing #family for #Thanksgiving? There's still time to get your rapid at-home #COVID19 tests, but hurry and call ahead!-supplies are low! At home tests can allow you to enjoy your gathering this year w/o the worry of loved ones getting infected! 

Not enough of a punishment for this POS. 

OH MY GOD... ''One expert described the variant, known as B.1.1.529, as "the worst one we've seen so far", and there is concern it has the potential to evade immunity.'' 😳😩#coronavirus #variant

Mild third wave of Covid-19 likely in December: Maharashtra health minister 

Covid-19 

LOOK: President Rodrigo Duterte said restaurants have the right to refuse the entry of unvaccinated individuals. #DailyTribune #Covid19 

Free COVID-19 Vaccinations are available at your local pharmacy. Listen in Cantonese to make a booking and get vaccinated @PharmGuildAus⁩ #pharmacyguild #australia #COVID19 #vaccinations #bookyourappointmenttoday #pharmacy #vaccines #cantonese 

JUST IN: Another 324 cases of COVID-19 have been recorded in British Columbia along with one additional death, health officials said Tuesday. 

{🐰} Update on the whole COVID situation: My Aunt, Uncle, and two little cousins all tested positive for COVID, but I think I'm still doing fine. So, let's see how long my luck can keep me going, but I think I'm 99% fucked if I get COVID.

If your unvaccinated and walking around without a mask on , when you come down with the coronavirus or even the flu which is spreading like wildfire , don't be crying that you should have been vaccinated because even fully vaccinated people can still get sick and even spread the

I literally just had to give away tickets to the #MacysParade because of COVID… There’s nothing quite as painful as watching a childhood dream die right in front of you.

Ahead of the booster vacciness programme decision, several members of the Oxford/AstraZeneca team, including Prof Dame Sarah Gilbert, said third jabs may be unnecessary because two doses offered such good long-term protection.

Scientists are concerned about a new #COVID19 variant that could be worse than the Delta strain. B.1.1.529 has a "horrific" number of mutations in its spike protein, more than the mutations that Delta has. 

B.C. reports 424 more COVID-19 cases Thursday, 3 deaths 

Pfizer COVID shots are 100% effective for 12 to 15 year olds, study says 

CBC is just reporting this. However I was told this was coming 6 days ago from a physician friend in Mexico. He indicated that they found the Astra Zeneca vaccine should be used in the third dose. It has some qualities that help fight this variant. 

Hi ASEAN family #NewsFromPhilippines🇵🇭 At least 20 private schools in Cagayan Valley region will stop operating in 2022 due to their low enrollment for the next school year caused by the pandemic, officials said.🇵🇭 📃@inquirerdotnet #Philippines #Covid19 

Travellers from South Africa, Namibia, Lesotho, Botswana, Eswatini and Zimbabwe will see new restrictions imposed amid new #Covid variant scare 

I for real just had to sit down after my shower because I couldn’t breathe.. thanks COVID. 🖕🏻

Third vaccine shot may be needed to validate Covid passes, says Tánaiste - 

Are politicians thick, the reason COVID is high in the SW and Wales is due to staycation, people holidayed in these areas #bbcqt

"This is Called Projection - Dr. Fauci Gets Gold Star for Lying" - mRNA Inventor Dr. Robert Malone Blames Fauci and US Covid Team of 500,000 Unnecessary Deaths (VIDEO) 

.@AU_WGDD The socio-economic impact of #COVID on millions of women in Africa calls for concrete steps for financial inclusion and women empowerment. Will you strengthen commitments to advance gender equality for all? #ActForEqual #GlblCtzn

"How to Celebrate Pandemic Thanksgiving, Round 2" via NYT 

expert reaction to study looking at COVID infection risk as time increases after second Pfizer vaccine dose in Israel | Science Media Centre 

EXCLUSIVE | Nurse Sounds Alarm On Heinous Medical Malpractice: Immediate Intubation, Remdesivir Killed Covid Patients 

#COVID19 delivers acute awareness of #HealthDisparity We can do better - add #MedicationAccess to reduce disparity. 



It is that time of the year to travel to see family and friends to find out who has the best turkey! Use 

via @NYTimes it was a matter of time. Let’s see how long it takes to get to Europe if it’s not already there. 

Finally! Medical Proof the Covid Jab is "Murder" - Dr. Vernon Coleman - Nov. 22, 2021 #NoVaccinePassports #NoVaccinePassportAnywhere #novaccinemandates #VaccineSideEffects #VaccineMandate #vaccinedeaths #sciencewillwin #vaccines 

Tuck and run, Nancy boys. Cowards. I found this on NewsBreak – the #1 local news app used by 45+ million people: GOP backs off plan to pass COVID-19 vaccine mandate restrictions in single-day session 

Watch live: Covid-19 update and Grant Robertson talks about vaccine mandate for police and Defence Force 

Anyone notice that everytime the percentage of hospitalizations and deaths from covid drops, they are quick to relax restrictions and mask wearing, the percentage shoot right back up? Honestly I think they are quick to relax restrictions &amp; be sure it will stay down.

New Mexico COVID Cases Increase To 306,743 Deaths To 5,289 - New Mexico (2019-nCoV) - Recombinomics Inc. 

WATCH: California town declares itself 'constitutional republic' to protest COVID policies | The Post Millennial 

Pfizer sues departing employee it says stole COVID-19 vaccine secrets #SmartNews 

B.C. records 9 more deaths, 322 new COVID-19 infections 

Seven doctors contract Covid after attending #Florida anti-vaccine summit 

make of the most of "freedom" 

Companies are telling unvaccinated workers to pay more for health insurance 

“These requirements work: they increase vaccination rates—leading to a Better workforce.” – Office of Management and Budget on news 90 percent of federal workforce is vaccinated #TheDaily202 !

